TECHNICAL REPORT

ON THE

BONGARÁ ZINC PROJECT

YAMBRASBAMBA DISTRICT, AMAZONAS REGION,

NORTHERN PERU

FOR ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.

prepared by:

Albert W. (Al) Workman, P.Geo. Senior Geologist, and Vice-President, Operations

and

John Reddick, P.Geo. Senior Associate Resource Geologist

Effective Date: 11 March, 2019 Toronto, Canada

} Watts Griffis and McOuat Ss

Geological and Mining Consultants

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1. SUMMARY ....................................................................................................................................................... 1
3. RELIANCE ON OTHER EXPERTS ............................................................................................................ 14
5. ACCESSIBILITY, CLIMATE, LOCAL RESOURCES, INFRASTRUCTURE AND
6. HISTORY ........................................................................................................................................................ 27 6.1 EXPLORATION HISTORY .................................................................................................................. 27 6.2 MINING HISTORY ............................................................................................................................... 30 6.3 HISTORICAL RESOURCES AND RESERVES .................................................................................. 31
8. DEPOSIT TYPES ........................................................................................................................................... 54

9. EXPLORATION ............................................................................................................................................. 56

10. DRILLING .................................................................................................................................................... 58

11. SAMPLE PREPARATION, ANALYSIS AND SECURITY..................................................................... 60

i -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued)

Page
13. MINERAL PROCESSING AND METALLURGICAL TESTING ......................................................... 86
ii -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued)

Page
26. RECOMMENDATIONS ............................................................................................................................ 151 26.1 BONGARÁ EXPLORATION ............................................................................................................. 151 26.2 ECONOMIC STUDIES ....................................................................................................................... 152 26.3 COMMUNITY OUTREACH .............................................................................................................. 153 26.4 LICENCE ACQUISITION .................................................................................................................. 153 26.5 METALLURGICAL TESTING .......................................................................................................... 155 26.6 PUBLIC DIALOGUE .......................................................................................................................... 155 26.7 PROGRAM BUDGET ......................................................................................................................... 157

27. SIGNATURE PAGE ................................................................................................................................... 158

iii -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued)

Page

28. CERTIFICATES......................................................................................................................................... 159

SELECTED REFERENCES ............................................................................................................................ 163

APPENDICES .................................................................................................................................................... 165

APPENDIX 1: SUMMARY STATISTICS FOR ASSAYS IN WIREFRAMES ................................................ 166 APPENDIX 2: PROBABILITY PLOTS FOR UNCUT ASSAYS FOR ALL ZONES IN WIREFRAMES ...... 172 APPENDIX 3: VARIOGRAMS FOR COMPOSITES IN ALL ZONES IN WIREFRAMES ............................ 178 APPENDIX 4: GRADE TONNAGE PLOTS FOR ALL ZONES ...................................................................... 184
LIST OF TABLES
iv -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued)

Page
LIST OF CHARTS

1:

Illustration of the comparison of duplicate samples produced in the field from cut drill core .................... 79

v -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued)

Page

LIST OF FIGURES
LIST OF PLATES
vi -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

1. SUMMARY

On 26 May 2017, Forrester Metals Inc. (“Forrester”) of Toronto, Ontario Canada accepted the proposal of Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited ("WGM") to prepare a technical report that is compliant with Canada’s security rule National Instrument 43-101 (“NI 43-101”) for the Bongará zinc-oxide project (the “Project”). On June 1, 2017, Zinc One Resources Inc. (“Zinc One”) of Vancouver, Canada acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Forrester Metals Inc. As a result, this report has been prepared for Zinc One.

The area of interest is located in the Yambrasbamba District of Bongará Province within the Amazonas Department in north-central Peru. The Project is located approximately 695 km north-northwest of Lima and 190 west-northwest of the nearest airport at Tarapoto (Figure 1). The Project includes eight mineral concessions for 8,009.5 hectares (“ha”) that comprise the Bongará Zinc Mine Project (“BZMP”) and five mineral concessions for 3,115.4 ha that comprise the Charlotte-Bongará Zone Project (“CBZP”).

The Project is hosted within a substantial zinc belt that extends the entire length of Peru and hosts a great many carbonate replacement deposits of various genetic affinities.

The BZMP mineralization was discovered by Canadian geologist William Menges in 1973. A number of companies have explored the area since that time including Noranda Explorations Co. (1974-1984), Canper Resources (1986), Solitario Resources (“Solitario”) (1993-95), Cominco Ltd. (1997)), Mauricio Hochschild & Cía. (“MHC”) (2003-2005), and Cía. Minera Corianta SA (“Corianta”) (2005-2011). Zinc One commenced its exploration program in September, 2017, which started with sampling of existing exploration pits followed by drilling in 2018.

WGM first visited the Property in the mid- and late 1980s for Cominco. During 1987, WGM made a historical “preliminary resource estimate” that was based on 20 test pits and resulted in a historical resource of 325,000 tonnes averaging 27.8% Zn and 1.8% Pb. While this estimate was made by appropriately qualified professionals, it was completed prior to the implementation of current Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum ("CIM") standards for classifying Mineral Resource estimates as required under NI 43-101 and should therefore not be relied upon for investment decisions.

Many pits have been excavated, most notably 497 hand-dug pits on a nominal 25 metre grid by Solitario during 1993-95. A subsequent Solitario historical mineral resources estimate in 1995 was based on the test-pits and was predicated on the use of a 7.5% Zn+Pb cut-off grade

1 -
N m 0 0 0 , 0 7 3 , 9  .  N m 0 0 0 , 0 6 3 , 9  .  N m 0 0 0 , 0 5 3 , 9  .  N m 0 0 0 , 0 4 3 , 9  .  820,000m.E  830,000m.E  840,000m.E  AMAZONAS   DEPARTMENT  Utcubamba Province Cajaruro District  Cotrina’s House  Yolanda  Hacienda Chavez  Charlita North  Camp  El Aguila  Juanita  Edison’s House  Rio Cristal  Esperanza  Bagua’s House  Cuba’s House  Charlita Camp  Marita Cristal Camp Anita  Charlita  William’s House  Lupita  Erika  Alindor’s House  PROPERTY OUTLINE  Bongara Province  Lazaro’s House  Nestor’s House  Campo Cielo  N  R i o   S a n   J o s e Callaton’s House I  Callaton’s House II  Estela’s House  San Jose  Saldana’s House  Jose’s House  Ramon’s House  Mina Grande  Mina  Chica  Rio Im  asa  Camp 1  Yambrasbamba  Nueva Miraﬂores  Esperanza  Buenos Aires  0  2  10  Yambrasbamba District  Kilometres UTM WGS84 Zone 17S  Florida  Florida District  Legend:  Property outline  Shipasbamba District  Camp / house  Mine  Shipasbamba  Zinc occurrence  Cuispes District  Rivers  L  u  y  Jazan District  Motorable road  a     Pedro Ruiz  P  Unpaved track  o  Trail  v  i  n  San Carlos District  Footpath  c  e  820,000m.E  830,000m.E  840,000m.E  9 , 3 7 0 , 0 0 0 m N  .  9 , 3 6 0 , 0 0 0 m N  .  9 , 3 5 0 , 0 0 0 m N  .  9 , 3 4 0 , 0 0 0 m N  .  80°W  75°W  70°W  65°W  VENEZUELA North Atlantic  COLUMBIA  Ocean  0°  0°  N  ECUADOR  PERUPERU  5°S  Tumbes  Piura  Lambayeque  a c r a m a j a C  s a n o z a m A  Loreto  PERUPERU  Chachapoyas  Pacific  Ocean  South  Atlantic  5°S  Ocean  Continental South America  10°S  Detailed Map Area  La Libertad  San Martin  Ancash  Huanuco  Ucayali  BRAZIL  10°S  Pasco  Junin  15°S  P acific P acific Ocean Ocean  Lima  Lima  a  elic  v a c n a u H Ica  o h c u c a y A  Cusco  Apurimac  Madre de Dios  Puno  15°S  Arequipa  Moquegua  0  150  750  Tacna  BOLIVIA  Kilometres  20°S  E L I  H C  20°S  80°W  75°W  70°W  65°W  Figure 1.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru  Location Map  L a s t     r e v s o n  i  i     d a t e :     T u e s d a y     2 6 F e b r u a r y        2 0 1 9

Graphics by: Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited Modified after: AMEC (2005)
Z O R B O N

/

Z O R _ 0 1 _ L o c _ M a p . c d r

pur suff ‘SDA %

PUI

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

and a density factor of 2.15 that appears to be a “best guesstimate” considering there is a high degree of variability in the mineralization. There was no discussion of the impact of moisture content.

This estimate produced historical resources of approximately 1.64 Mt at 19.3% Zn and 2.3% Pb for the main zone of mineralization at Mina Grandé and approximately 0.27 Mt at 19.0% Zn and 1.3% Pb in a smaller zone referred to as Mina Chica. Like the historical WGM estimate, these resources are not compliant with CIM standards and guidelines and cannot be relied upon. Following this, MHC drilled 69 diamond holes totalling 1,974.88 m during 2003-2005.

The CBZP was the focus of exploration between 2006 and 2011 by Rio Cristal Resources Corp. and its predecessor (“Rio Cristal”). Its mineral concessions covered a larger area than Zinc One’s concessions today. Within that larger area, at least 773 rock, 871 soil and 339 stream-sediment samples were collected, and in addition, 97 diamond holes totalling 9,141.7 m were drilled with a focus on the Cristal and Charlita prospects. Near-surface, high- grade, zinc-oxide mineralization was encountered throughout the area, however an NI 43-101 compliant resource estimate was never filed. Approximately 150,000 tonnes of zinc ore was mined from the Mina Grandé Centro and Mina Grandé North sectors of the BZMP during 2007-08 (see Figure 1). High-grade ore was shipped to the coast where it was treated using a Waelz kiln to produce zinc calcine that was sold to various smelters and approximately 25,000 tonnes of zinc metal was produced. Corianta explored the area to the northwest and completed surface sampling and trenching at Camp Cielo (see Figure 1).

The most recent historical mineral resources estimated at Bongará are from a 2011 report by Corianta that cited 1.01 Mt at a grade of 21.61% Zn as “measured” and “indicated” and 0.21 Mt at a grade of 21.18% Zn a “inferred” from five zones: 1) Mina Grandé Sur, 2) Mina Grandé Centro, 3) Mina Grandé Norté, 4) Mina Chica, and 5) Bongarita. Although the resource categories are not compliant with CIM definitions, the higher confidence areas are relevant as they represent the main targets for future exploration and development work on the Bongará zinc-oxide mineralization.

WGM has not completed sufficient work to verify any of these historical estimates as current resource estimates, and therefore they cannot be treated as current resource estimates or relied upon for investment decisions.

Between September 2017 and January 2018, Zinc One collected 473 samples from selected historical exploration pits and from the surface in the Bongarita, Mina Chica, Mina Grandé Norté and Mina Grandé Sur areas (Table 1). Between February and July 2018, Zinc One

3 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

completed 264 diamond drill holes totalling 7,930.6 m using NTW-sized core in the five sectors with known mineralization.

TABLE 1 SUMMARY OF EXPLORATION COMPLETED, September 2017 – January, 2018
Following the surveying, test pitting and drilling programs and the receipt of the assay results from Zinc One’s samples, WGM modelled the geology and estimated the Mineral Resources. The BZMP Mineral Resources occur in five zones of variable mineralization that have the potential for economic extraction of zinc from oxide-type zinc mineralization. The minimum 10% zinc cut-off grade was selected in order to determine the amount of higher-grading mineral resources approaching 20% zinc. WGM’s sensitivity analysis included additional estimates using cut-off grades of 5% and 15% zinc. The block sizes used for the estimates were applied with the assumption that the resources have potential bulk mineable characteristics and have been appropriately estimated using these parameters. Mineral Resource estimates, with an effective date of January 30, 2019, are summarised as follows in Tables 2 and 3.

The various zones on the property were divided into domains that were constrained by grade and geology. WGM’s exploratory data analysis was carried out resulting in the use of 3.0 m run-length composites on the drill hole data for each of the zones.

On the basis of previous historical mining, and recent exploration work by Zinc One during 2017-18, including bulk density measurements on core samples, a bulk density of 1.90 T/m3 was assigned to mineralized material reported in the Mineral Resource estimates.

The Mineral Resource estimates are based on surface diamond drilling, including historical drilling results where the drill sites could be confirmed, as well as recent surface sampling from excavated pits up to several metres deep. There are a total of 320 drill holes with an

4 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

aggregate length of 9,180 m and 723 surface samples with an aggregate length of 2,133 m used for the estimates.

On the basis of WGM’s exploratory data analysis and the grade distribution of zinc assay data, a 40% zinc top cut grade was applied to assay values before compositing. The difference in contained metal between the uncut and cut grades for the resource estimates ranges from about 0.5% to 7% depending on the domain.

A 5x5x5m block model was used for each zone with grades interpolated into constrained domains using ordinary kriging.

The cut-off value used for the 2019 resource estimates is based on the three year average metal price US $1.20/lb for Zn. There are no current metallurgical studies for the property and WGM makes no assumptions with respect to recovery of zinc for the Mineral Resource estimates.

TABLE 2 INDICATED MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT as of January, 2019
5 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 3 INFERRED MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT as of January, 2019
The following notes are important to the understanding of the aforementioned report of Mineral Resources:

1. Resources were estimated using composites within constrained block models with block dimensions of 5x5x5m and using ordinary kriging grade interpolation methods.

2. Top cuts at a grade of 40% Zn were applied to Zn grades of assays before compositing. A cut-off grade of 10% Zn was applied which incorporates 3 year average metal prices and approximates the cut-off used during past mining operations. Zn% grades can be converted by applying a conversion factor of 22.046 pounds per Zn% to obtain lbs of Zn per metric tonne;

3. A Bulk Density of 1.90 was applied using the geological block model density field.

4. Mineral Resources that are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. The estimate of mineral resources may be materially affected by commodity prices, environmental, permitting, legal, title, socio-political, marketing, or other relevant issues.

5. The quantity and grade of estimated Inferred Mineral Resources is uncertain in nature as there has been insufficient exploration to define these resources as an Indicated or Measured Mineral Resource, and it is uncertain if further exploration will result in up-grading the confidence level of Inferred Resources.

6. The Mineral Resources were estimated using the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (“CIM”) Standards on Mineral Resources and Reserves, Definitions and Guidelines prepared by the CIM Standing Committee on Reserve Definitions and adopted by CIM Council May 10, 2014; and mandated in National Instrument 43-101 (“NI 43-101”).

7. Figures may not total due to rounding.

The mineralized trend on which the zinc-bearing zones are located represents an excellent target for additional drilling. In WGM’s opinion, in-fill drilling with the objective of up- grading the Inferred Mineral Resources to Indicated Mineral Resources is warranted. Zinc grade variability is sufficient however, that not all Inferred Resources will be up-graded. With continuing exploration drilling in the Mina Chica area, some enlargement of the deposit is possible. Exploration drilling along the trend between Mina Chica and Campo Ceilo and

6 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

six kilometres (6 km) farther to the Cristal zinc prospect area should be considered in future drilling programs.

With respect to maintaining the data available for Mineral Resource estimation, WGM recommends that Zinc One continue, as it did during 2018, to collect detailed rock quality data (“RQD”) and core recovery data on a sample by sample basis.

Although the measurement of specific gravity on selected drill core samples to achieve guidance on the bulk density of the mineralization has provided a useful basis for the Mineral Resources estimates, the understanding of bulk density data should be improved through the systematic measuring of typical mineralization. This should be done to provide sufficient data density to develop a bulk density model for the deposits.

WGM also recommends that survey control be improved by means of establishing additional permanent monuments in each deposit area to be used for improved location of drill hole co- ordinates. Zinc One will continue marking drill hole collars with permanent cement markers.
The existing assay database includes lead and silver analyses, however many of the lead assays and some silver assays exceed the upper detection limit for the analytical technique used. This is not the case for zinc which was re-analysed to ascertain the content for samples exceeding the detection limit. This lack of data has prevented WGM from reliably estimating the average lead and silver grades for the deposits. WGM recommends that the actual lead and silver content be determined for all those samples affected by over-limit assays to allow these metals to be included in the Mineral Resources estimates, and it further recommends that actual values be determined in the future for all over-limit lead and silver values.

Table 4 summarizes the total Indicated and Inferred Resources currently identified in the Bongará project area at various cut-off grades for all five zones.

TABLE 4 BONGARÁ ZINC MINE PROJECT MINERAL GLOBAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE USING VARIOUS CUT-OFF GRADES
7 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The reader is cautioned that although Mineral Resources must have reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction, they are not Mineral Reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. The quantity and grade of reported Inferred Mineral Resources in this estimation are less certain in nature because the amount of exploration has been insufficient to provide the level of confidence necessary to classify them as an Indicated or Measured Mineral Resource. It is uncertain if further exploration will result in upgrading them to an Indicated or Measured Mineral Resource category.

Zinc One has not carried out metallurgical testing to provide information concerning the recovery of zinc from mineralization at Bongará. During 2007-08, the previous operator at the Bongará Mine produced an average of 358 tonnes of ore per day and produced approximately 25,000 tonnes (55.1 million pounds) of zinc metal using a very simple well- established processing method. Zinc One’s long-term plans are to continue its exploration of the 8 kilometre long mineralized trend passing through Mina Grandé and Mina Chica and extending 6 kilometres to the north-northwest into the Cristal area where previous drilling defined high-grade zinc mineralization. To support this work, Zinc One has applied to the Ministry of Energy and Mining for approval to drill 583 holes from 364 platforms along a 1.4 kilometre long ridge from Mina Grandé Sur to and beyond Mina Chica. The platforms planned for in-fill drilling of the known deposits are laid out in a nominal 30 metre grid spacing. Those holes that explore for new mineralization are planned on a nominal 50 metre drilling grid. A total 141 platforms, each to be permitted for two drill holes, will delineate and infill previous drilling at Mina Chica and Mina Grandé. Exploration drilling will be prioritized in favourable settings within areas of low-lying or stunted vegetation that may represent areas of zinc toxicity. Currently, Zinc One is addressing environmental and logistical questions posed by the Ministry of Energy and Mining, which will confirm that Zinc One’s proposals comply with existing regulations and allow the Ministry to grant the permit.

8 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
2. INTRODUCTION

2.1 GENERAL

On 26 May 2017, Forrester Metals Inc. (“FMI”) of Toronto, Ontario Canada accepted the proposal of Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited ("WGM") to prepare a technical report that is compliant with Canada’s security rule National Instrument 43-101 (“NI 43-101”) for the Bongará zinc-oxide project (the “Project”), see Figure 1. On June 1, 2017, Zinc One Resources Inc. (“Zinc One”) of Vancouver, Canada acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Forrester Metals Inc. As a result, this report has been prepared for Zinc One.

Through a previous engagement, WGM Senior Geologist and Vice-President, Al Workman, P.Geo., and Qualified Person (“QP”) for the Project, visited the Bongará Project site on 4-7 September, 2014. Part of the previous day was spent in a meeting with Mr. Charles Ushela of Lima, Peru, the representative of Cía. Pilar del Amazonas S.A., which at the time controlled the Bongará concessions consisting of 8,009.5 ha. The adjoining Charlotte- Bongará concessions were owned by Inversiones Charlotte S.A., whose representative was also Mr. Ushela. Mr. Ushela was the main provider of technical information on the Bongará and surrounding areas at the time of WGM’s site visit.

During the site visit, Mr. Workman examined the Mina Grandé Centro and Norté workings (Day 1), the Mine Chica and Bongarita prospects (Day 2), and the Mina Grandé Sur area (Day 3). The Mina Grandé Centro and Norté workings and Mina Chica were outlined in detail by GPS track at the time they were examined and check sampled by WGM. All track and sample location (waypoint) data were collected using the PSAD-56 datum and imported into Google Earth software. All sites reported an estimated precision error of less than 3 metres. The fourth day was spent at the drying facility near the village of Yambrasbamba in a failed effort to examine Bongará drill core prior to beginning the return trip to Tarapoto (most of the core was lost and remaining core was unusable. A total of 16 samples were collected of mineralization in outcrop for multi-element analysis by ICP, quantitative ore- grade analysis for zinc, lead and silver and a determination of major elements (oxides) by fusion XRF. Water content data and specific gravity determinations were requested on all samples. The samples were delivered by WGM to the SGS laboratory in Lakefield, Ontario. WGM’s observations and the results from these samples confirmed the type of mineralization present, its geological setting and the general grade of the mineralization.

During 15-18 February, 2018, Al Workman again visited the project site, accompanied by Dr. Bill Williams, COO of Zinc One, for the purpose of reviewing project procedures, the use of quality assurance / quality control protocols and for collecting a small set of check samples

9 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
of typical mineralization. Most of the time on site was spent in prolonged question and answer sessions on project protocols focusing on geological logging, measuring, sampling and security procedures. WGM had the opportunity to observe the drillers activities, the attention paid to rpm and torque, the removal of core from the core-tube and generally how well the drillers and assistants co-ordinate their activities. As it was the rainy season, the working conditions were far from ideal yet WGM observed a high degree of competence and professionalism within the drilling crew. WGM noted the interactions between the drillers and the geologists, and was satisfied that the work was carried out in an atmosphere of mutual co-operation. WGM also observed the geologists logging core and was able to confirm the use of a standardized legend and notational format for recording data. The marking of intervals for analysis, cutting and sampling of drill core followed a conventional approach in accordance with industry best practices. An unusual format was used for numbering samples, however it was well understood by the geologists and served the purpose of identifying intervals without the flagging of consecutive samples that pre-numbered tags provided. WGM’s set of 10 duplicate drill core samples provided assays that generally confirmed the Zinc One’s assay results (see Section 12.3 in Chapter 12 – Data Verification in this report). Overall, the WGM geologist was satisfied that the degree of care taken on the project site was appropriate, and that the Zinc One exploration program was producing accurate and representative results.

WGM Senior Associate Resource Geologist, John Reddick, P.Geo., visited the project site from 11-13 June, 2018. Mr. Reddick visited all areas of the project in order to better understand the physical and geological setting of the mineralization. He was accompanied by Dr. Bill Williams of Zinc One, and the exploration team. Mr. Reddick observed the drillers in action to gauge the level of expertise and care taken in operating the drill and checked the location of drill pads. In discussion with Zinc One personnel he reviewed sections and plans that were current at the time, checked the logging of drill core and photographed some of the better drill holes for which assay results had been received. Core boxes were weighed to calculate in-situ density to estimate the bulk density of the rock over a defined interval from which the volume could be known. This resulted in a specific gravity value of 1.9 T/m3, for mineralized material that matched well with the overall SG used previously. This is still not well understood as the values for individual boxes of drill core are highly variable, a problem that WGM attributes to the occurrence of voids and also to the presence of broken core. The over-riding purpose of Mr. Reddick’s visit was to develop an understanding of the controls on mineralization (oxidized MVT) and its spatial distribution (original contacts modified by oxidation, distribution of economic metal modified by oxidation and chemical transport, contacts modified by post mineral faulting and erosion).

10 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
TERMS OF REFERENCE

As a result of a binding letter of intent signed on 27 June, 2016 subsequently amended and signed on 1 September, 2016, and a subsequent vending agreement dated 30 September, 2016, Vena Resources Corp. (“Vena”) acquired the right to purchase the Bongará Zinc Mine Project (“BZMP) and the Charlotte-Bongará Zone Project (“CBZP”), both of which combined comprise the “Project”. On 5 October, 2016, Vena formerly changed its name to Forrester Metals Inc. On 1 June, 2017, Zinc One Resources Inc. acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of FMI and subsequently announced that it exercised its option to acquire a 100% interest in the Project, subject to a 2% Net Smelter Return payable to the former owners. As shown in Figure 2, the property comprising the Bongará Project is composed of two blocks of exploration concessions: (1) BZMP comprising eight concessions totalling 8,009.5 ha; and, (2) CBZP comprising five concessions totalling 3,115.4 ha, for a total area of 11,125 ha (111.25 km2).

Zinc One filed an NI 43-101 compliant technical report prepared by WGM on 8 August, 2017 after the acquisition of FMI; this report was based on that filed by FMI on 11 October, 2016.

SOURCES OF INFORMATION

The major sources of information used in the preparation of this report include a large volume of technical reports prepared by various consultants who have been engaged in providing professional services to the former owners and operators of the Bongará project. Some of the reports have been prepared by geologists and engineers working directly for the operators. WGM has also relied on its own experience with the Bongará project having been involved in some of the very earlier evaluation studies during the mid-1980s, including the first resource estimate. These sources of information are listed in the references chapter at the back of this report. Before being engaged by Zinc One, WGM previously visited the project site for another client during which time it examined the major zinc-bearing zones and collected characterization samples for geochemical analysis. In a wider sense, one of the WGM co- authors has also drawn on extensive global experience with non-sulphide zinc deposits in drawing conclusions regarding Zinc One’s project.

11 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
UNITS AND CURRENCY

All monetary sums relating to zinc prices are reported in United States Dollars (US$) unless stated otherwise. A conversion rate of US$0.77 to the Canadian Dollar (C$) is effective as of the date of this report.

Measurements in this report are stated in the SI (metric) system. Zinc and lead contents are expressed in percent (%). Precious metal contents, notably that for silver, are expressed in grams per tonne (g/t). One tonne is equivalent to 1.10231 short tons.

The classification of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves in Canada follows the codification established by the CIM. The CIM system, which must be followed in order to ensure NI 43-101 compliance, ranks Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves in terms of confidence level which in turn is a reflection of the types and amounts of exploration work completed and certainty that the results are representative. The conversion of Mineral Resources to Mineral Reserves must be based on a feasibility study containing a discussion of mineral economics that establishes the economic viability of the existing resources under a specific set of conditions. These definitions, standards and guidelines can be found at: https://mrmr.cim.org/en/standards/canadian-mineral-resource-and-mineral-reserve-definitions/

The historical resources quoted in this report cannot be precisely confirmed by the authors, and therefore are not in compliance with CIM Standards and should not be relied upon for investment decisions.
2.4 RISK FACTORS

As is generally the case in the world at large, natural resources including mineral commodities are the property of the sovereign State, and the right to develop and exploit mineral deposits is conveyed to private interests via laws and regulations that govern permitting and licensing procedures and agreements. Mineral projects must therefore meet certain statutory requirements to be permitted to go into production. This is the case in Peru.

In recent years, the Peruvian Government has moved to improve perceptions concerning mineral project development in the country. This follows a period during which special interest groups encouraged not-for-profit agencies to oppose mining projects in many parts of the country, with adverse consequences for investment and employment in poor rural areas. Today, the Peru Ministry of Mining and Energy, among others, are supportive of mineral exploration and mining projects and are seeking solutions to promote increased investment in

12 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

the Minerals Sector. Investors must also be conscious of the need for a ‘social licence’ to operate, and thus the authorities will not award any permits without the petitioner having an active and valid agreement with the affected communities.

Zinc One has been conscientious in maintaining a dialogue with all interested parties in the Project area. At this time, there are no land use restrictions of which WGM is aware that might restrict the ability of Zinc One to access the project areas, or that might restrict its ability to bring the BZMP into production.

The economic viability of the BZMP is likely dependent on outlining additional zinc mineralization to increase the resource base for the Project. Although road access is assured to the Project at this time, other factors that are relevant include:

• new mine infrastructure development, especially energy, to support mining;

• a reliable water supply; and,

• a decision regarding processing options and the need for beneficiation on site.

In June 2017, Zinc One acquired a 100% of the BZMP and CBZP mineral concessions, subject to a 2% Net Smelter Return royalty on production payable to the former concession owners.

Zinc metal pricing is predominantly established through major metal exchanges such as the London Metal Exchange, commonly referred to as the “LME”. Like many metals, the zinc spot price quoted on the LME has shown some volatility during 2018, trading between approximately $1.05 and $1.64 per pound ($2,315 to $3,616 per tonne). This information drawn from the Kitco Website on 29 January, 2019 shows that the zinc spot price most ($2,645-$2,667/tonne), recently has (www.kitco.com ). During the past year, LME warehoused zinc has been drawn down from approximately 220,000 tonnes to 115,300 tonnes as at 28 January, 2019. Over a 5-year period, the current LME zinc inventory has fallen from nearly 1 million tonnes in late 2013, a remarkable decline that is continuing. This inventory draw-down is in the face of some new production that has entered the market and is partially the result of suspended operations at many zinc smelters in China. What might be seen as circumstances favouring significantly higher zinc prices in the future is therefore balanced against shut-in production capacity and a fear of an economic slowdown and lower demand during 2019. However, within the context of a mine development timetable, the outlook for higher future zinc prices is generally positive.

13 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
3. RELIANCE ON OTHER EXPERTS

This report has been prepared by WGM for Zinc One and the information, conclusions, opinions, and estimates contained herein are based on:

• public information available to WGM prior to drafting this report;

• assumptions, conditions, qualifications, and certain field observations made by WGM during separate site visits by its senior exploration geologist, Al Workman, P.Geo., and by its senior associate resource modelling geologist, John Reddick, P.Geo. who also is President of Reddick Consulting Inc.;

research made by WGM personnel, including its own relevant experience; and,

• data, reports and other information provided by the underlying concession owner, Zinc One.

This report is the responsibility of WGM, which alone has been in charge of its overall presentation.

14 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

4. PROPERTY DESCRIPTION AND LOCATION

4.1 GENERAL LOCATION

The BZMP, which includes mineralization at Mina Grandé Sur, Mina Grandé Centro, Mina Grandé Norté, Mina Chica, and Bongarita, is owned by Zinc One. It is situated in the Yambrasbamba District within the Amazonas Department of Bongará Province in north- central Peru and is located approximately 695 km north-northwest of Lima and 190 km west- northwest of the nearest airport at Tarapoto (see Figure 1).

The adjacent CBZP, which includes the Cristal and Charlita Prospects, is situated on a block of concessions totalling approximately 3,115 hectares, also owned by Zinc One. Although the CBZP concessions are not central to the Bongará Deposit, they do contain several zinc prospects that are thought to be extensions of the mineralized trend on which the main BZMP deposit is situated. It is WGM opinion that the technical risk inherent in any exploration project is reduced when favourable terrane is added to the project. Consequently, we view the Charlotte Bongará zinc assets as contributory.

PROPERTY ADMINISTRATION AND STATUS

Through a purchase agreement, Zinc One has acquired the BZMP and CBZP mineral concessions listed in Tables 5 and 6. The BZMP concessions comprise eight concessions totalling approximately 8,0009.5 ha and the five CBZP concessions totalling approximately 3,115.4 ha. All of these concessions are subject to a 2% NSR to the former mineral concession owners.

The General Mining Law of Peru defines and regulates different categories of mining activities, ranging from sampling and prospecting to development, exploitation, and processing (D.S.N No. 003-1994-EM, 19941). Mining concessions are granted by the Peruvian Government using UTM coordinates to define licensing areas ranging from 100 ha to approximately 1,000 ha in size.

15 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 5 THE BONGARÁ MINING AND EXPLORATION LICENCES
TABLE 6 THE CHARLOTTE BONGARÁ MINING AND EXPLORATION LICENCES
The Peruvian Constitution, the Civil Code and other applicable laws guarantee that the holder of a mining concession is entitled to all the protections available to all holders of private property rights. Peruvian mining concessions convey property-related rights that are distinct and independent from the ownership of land on which they are located. Surface and mining rights are distinct from each other, even when they are held by the same owner. The rights granted by a mining concession are defensible against third parties, are transferable and chargeable. These rights may in general be the subject of any transaction or contract between two parties.

Mining titles are irrevocable and perpetual as long as the titleholder maintains up-to-date payments of the “Derecho Vigencia” (‘legal validation’) fees to the Ministry of Energy and Mines (Ministerio de Energia y Minas). A holder must pay a “vigencia”, essentially an annual maintenance fee, of US$3/ha (for metallic mineral concessions) for each concession actually acquired or for a pending application (petitorio) at the time of acquisition, and then by 30 June of each subsequent year to maintain the concession. The concession holder must

16 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

sustain a minimum level of annual commercial production of greater than US$100/ha in gross sales before the end of the 6th year of the grant of the concession; or if the concession has not been put into production within that period (by the 1st semester of the 7th year), the annual rental increases to US$9/ha (a vigencia of US$3/ha + a US$6/ha penalty) until such time as the minimum production level is met. If by the start of the 12th year the minimum production level has still not been achieved, then the annual rental increases to US$23/ha thereafter (a vigencia of US$3/ha + a US$20/ha penalty).

The concession holder can be exonerated from paying the penalty if the holder can demonstrate that during the previous year it has “invested” an equivalent of no less than ten times the penalty for the total concession. This investment, which includes exploration expenditures, must be documented along with the copy of the “declaración jurada de impuesto a la renta” (annual tax statement) and the payment of the annual Derecho Vigencia fees. The concession will terminate if the annual rental is not paid for three years in total or for two consecutive years. The term of a concession is indefinite provided it is properly maintained by payment of rental fees.

The current filing and payment requirements on the Bongará mining and exploration licences shown in Table 5, are summarized in Table 7. The fees owed during 2017 were paid in 2018 as Peruvian regulations allow for payments to be in arrears for 1 year, and this administrative process is commonplace in Peru. Payments owing for 2018 will be made during 2019 at which time the current drilling program it expected to allow Zinc One to satisfy its obligations. The Inversión Minima represents the amount of expenditure required on the concessions to meet statutory requirements.

TABLE 7 THE BONGARÁ UNIDAD ECONÓMICA ADMINISTRATIVA (“UEA”)
Note: 1) an exchange rate of 3.40 Peruvian Sols to the United States Dollar was used.

17 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The holder of a mining concession is entitled to all the protection available to all holders of private property rights under the Peruvian Constitution, the Civil Code, and other applicable laws. A Peruvian mining concession is a property-related right, distinct and independent from the ownership of land on which it is located, even when both belong to the same person. The rights granted by a mining concession are defensible against third parties, are transferable and chargeable, and, in general, may be the subject of any transaction or contract. To be enforceable, any and all transactions and contracts pertaining to a mining concession must be entered into a public deed and registered with the Public Mining Registry (Registro Publico de Mineria). Conversely, the holder of a mining concession must develop and operate the concession in a progressive manner, in compliance with applicable safety and environmental regulations and with all necessary steps to avoid third-party damages. The concession holder must permit access to those mining authorities responsible for assessing that the concession holder is meeting all obligations.

Figure 2 shows the general lay-out of the Project concessions acquired by Zinc One. The eight acquired Bongará concessions totalling 8009.5 ha were part of an original 10-concession block; the more southerly concessions numbered 9 and 10 were not acquired by Zinc One. The adjoining Charlotte-Bongará block totalling approximately 3,115.4 hectares which correspond to block numbers 2, 3, 5, 7 and 15 (see Table 6).

Based on information provided by Zinc One, WGM’s understands that the aforementioned concessions are in good standing as at the date of this report. WGM examined copies of various signed and sealed documents relating to the timely payments of the required concession fees and penalties that were paid in United States Dollars as follows:
There are no foreseeable circumstances that could result in the mining concessions being cancelled by the Peruvian State.

On July 4, 2018, Minera Forrester S.A.C. was granted permission to form a Unidad Económica Administrativa (Administrative Economic Unit or “UEA”). UEAs are groups of two or more mining concessions of the same class and nature which allow the respective holder to work only in one or some of the concessions instead of working simultaneously in all of those encompassing the UEA. The holder is obliged to obtain the minimum production levels corresponding to all the mining concessions comprising the UEA in those mining

18 -

824,000m.E  Legend:  Property outline  Bongará Zinc Mine Concessions Concessions of the UEA  Charlotte-Bongará Zinc Concessions  Mine  Zinc occurrence  Camp / House  Bagua’s House  Rivers  Rio Cristal  Stream  Motorable road  Unpaved road  Horse path   s a u g a s B a Rio L  Footpath  Estela’s House  Saldana’s House  Figure 2.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru  Land Status Map  832,000m.E  840,000m.E  PASD56 Zone 17S  78°  PASD56 Zone 18S  Cristal  Cotrina’s House  PROPERTY OUTLINE  Camp  Hacienda Chavez  BONGARA CINCUENTITRES  O H C O T N E U C N C  Juanita  Edison’s House A R A G N O B  Yolanda  I  Charlita North Charlita Camp  Esperanza  Cuba’s House  B O N G A R A D O S  Lupita  I  Anita Cristal Camp  El Aguila Charlita  BONGARA DIECISEIS  Marita  Erika  B O N G A R A C U A T R O  Lazaro’s House  NUEVO BONGARA 1  William’s House  B O N G A R A S EIS  Alindor’s House  Nestor’s House  Campo Cielo  BONGARA CINCUENTIDOS  B O N G A R A U N O  B O N G A R A O C H O  Bongarita Mina Chica  Campo Cielo  Jose’s House  ose n J a Rio S  B O N G A R A T R E S  Mina Grande  Ramon’s House  Mina Chica  B O N G A R A CIN C O  Mina Grande  Rio Imasa  Callaton’s House I  Camp 1  Callaton’s House II  B O N G A R A SIE T E  San Jose  Yambrasbamba  Nueva Miraﬂores  Esperanza  Buenos Aires  Scale 1 : 100,000  0  1  5  Kilometres UTM PSAD56 Zone 17S  PASD56 Zone 17S  78°  PASD56 Zone 18S  Graphics by: Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited   Modified after: Zinc One Resources Inc. (2019)  N

N m 0 0 0 , 6 7 3 , 9

.

Cuba’s House  B O N G A R A D O S  Lupita  I  Anita Cristal Camp  Marita  Erika  B O N G A R A C U A T R O  Lazaro’s House  NUEVO BONGARA 1  B O N G A R A S EIS  Alindor’s House  Nestor’s House  Campo Cielo  B O N G A R A U N O  B O N G A R A O C H O  Bongarita Mina Chica  Campo Cielo  Jose’s House  ose n J a Rio S  B O N G A R A T R E S  Mina Grande  Ramon’s House  Mina Chica  B O N G A R A CIN C O  Mina Grande  Rio Imasa  Camp 1  B O N G A R A SIE T E  Yambrasbamba

N m 0 0 0 , 8 6 3 , 9

.

824,000m.E

832,000m.E

840,000m.E

9 , 3 7 6 , 0 0 0 m N

.

9 , 3 6 8 , 0 0 0 m N

.

L a s t
r e v s o n

i

i

Z O R B O N

/

d a t e :

M o n d a y

1 1 M a r c h

2 0 1 9

Z O R _ 0 3 _ L a n d _ S t a t u s _ M a p . c d r

pur suff ‘SDA %

PUI

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

concessions that are exploited. The Bongará UEA consists of seven concessions – Bongará uno, tres, cuatro, cinco, seis, siete, and ocho - of the eight BZMP mineral concessions for penalty assessment purposes (see Table 4). This allows credit for the total investment in any of the seven concessions to be applied to the waiver of the penalties, which waiver will be applied if and only if the total amount exceeds approximately 10x the penalty for all seven concessions. The total penalty assumed and paid by Zinc One for the seven concessions in the UEA was US$171,124. If exploration investments exceed US$1,711,235, the penalty would be waived for the concession penalties the following year of the investment.

NATURE OF ZINC ONE’S INTEREST

Through its local wholly owned subsidiary, Minera Forrester S.A.C. (“Forrester Peru”), Vena, whose named was changed to Forrester, signed a binding letter of intent that contemplated an option to purchase the BZMP and CBZP mineral concessions in their entirety from the private Peruvian companies that controlled them. On 30 September, 2016 the parties executed the option-to-purchase agreement. This agreement granted Forrester Peru the option to purchase the mineral concessions subject to certain payments of cash and shares over a 3-year period totalling US$835,000 for the BZMP concessions and US$595,000 for the CBZP concessions. Under the terms of the agreement, the underlying owners retained a 2% net smelter royalty (“NSR”) interest upon purchase.

On 1 June, 2017, Zinc One acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Forrester. The option-to-purchase agreement included a clause that required full payment of outstanding amounts upon a change of control. On 27 June, 2017, Zinc One announced that it purchased a 100% interest in the subject mineral concessions for a total amount of US$1,150,000. The BZMP and CBZP Projects are subject to modest advance royalty payments following agreement approval and transfer of title as well as a 2% NSR on production.
ENVIRONMENTAL AND PERMITTING

In Peru, Environmental permits for mineral exploration programs are divided into two classes. Class I Permits allow construction and drilling for up to 20 platforms with a maximum disturbance of 10 hectares. Class I Permits require little more than a notification process for approval. A Class II Permit provides for more than 20 drill site locations or for a disturbance area of greater than 10 hectares. A Class II Drilling Permit requires an environmental impact declaration (“DIA”), a permit for harvesting trees (if applicable), an archeological survey report (“CIRA”), a water use permit (“ALA”) and a Closure Plan. During 2018, the

20 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Government modified this permit to now allow for the permitting of up to 40 drilling platforms.

Permitting requirements for mining include an Estudio de Impacto Ambiental (“EIA”) that describes in detail the mining plan and evaluates the impacts of the plan on environmental and social attributes of the property. Baseline studies include air quality, surface and groundwater quality, flora and fauna surveys, archeological surveys and a study of the social conditions of the immediate property and an area of interest that includes local communities. Public meetings are required in order that local community members can learn about and comment on the proposed operation.

On 1 March, 2017, Zinc One presented a solicitation to the Ministry of Mines and Energy to suspend the activities of Corianta with respect to the closure of the mine. This request was approved for a period of one year on August 18, 2017, at which time Forrester Peru took control of the mine closure and posted a security bond soon thereafter. This then, along with the cooperation of the communities (see below), rendered Forrester Peru to be the operator of the mine. During 2018, Forrester Peru submitted a Modified Mine Closure plan, which extended the onset of such activities in 2019. Forrester Peru plans to submit another modification to the mine closure plan based on its continuing exploration and the identification of additional mineral resources as discussed herein with the intent of activating mining operations in the near future.

By assuming the responsibilities of the mine, and thus the mine closure, and being in full control of the mineral concessions, Forrester Peru then assumed the EIA that was attached to the mine’s area of influence as defined in 2007. In fact, upon reactivation of the project and therefore the EIA in late 2018, referred to as the AEIA, Zinc One had a permit to mine 350 tpd at Mina Grandé Sur, although various permits for the transport, storage, and use of explosives are required if blasting were to occur. This permission was based on a modification of the EIA presented by Corianta in 2011. Furthermore, initial drilling by Forrester Peru was permitted under an Informe Técnico Susentatorio (“ITS”) that allowed drilling in remediated zones as well as areas with minimal vegetation and low-lying vegetation in order to assess any remaining mineralization that could be potentially mined in the targeted sectors: Mina Grandé Sur, Mina Grandé Centro, Mina Grandé Norté, Mina Chica, and Bongarita. On December 11, 2017, the Ministry of Energy and Mines approved 124 drill platforms, each platform including three drill holes.

Currently, Zinc One is applying to drill 583 drill holes from 364 platforms, which will not only delineate the deposits at Mina Grandé Sur, Mina Grandé Centro, Mina Grandé Sur, and Mina Chica, but will explore various proximal areas, especially the zone between Mina

21 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Grandé Norté and Mina Chica, as well (Figure 5). As of the date of this report the application for drilling is being reviewed by the Ministry of Energy and Mines.
SOCIAL OR COMMUNITY IMPACT

Yambrasbamba is the central village among a total of 12 villages that encompass the district: Perla Mayo, Vilcaniza, Tambillo, Shucayacu, Buenos Aires, La Esperanza, Miraflores, Santa Rosa, La Florida, San José de Yambrasbamba, and Perla de Imaza, all of which are proximal to the main highway.

On December 9, 2016, Forrester Peru signed a pre-agreement with the community that would permit access to the Project for certain considerations in favor of the community including, but not limited to its support of community social programs and the creation of employment opportunities.

On July 5, 2017, a formal agreement was signed that would allow access to the Project for five years during the exploration stage and included financial support for a planned and structured reforestation project, various social programs, preferential treatment of local residents for unskilled labor and prioritized consideration for skilled labor, among other things.

As a condition for the Ministry of Energy and Mines’ decision to suspend the mine closure, Forrester Peru assumed the responsibilities outlined in a community agreement signed by the previous operator in April 2014. This agreement granted access to complete the activities related to the mine closure. The agreement, now upheld by Forrester Peru, is valid through 2021 and includes modest quarterly cash payments and maintenance of certain roads in the district.

22 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

5. ACCESSIBILITY, CLIMATE, LOCAL RESOURCES, INFRASTRUCTURE AND PHYSIOGRAPHY

5.1 ACCESS

Terrain is the major factor controlling road access and infrastructure development. Access to the Property is along a paved highway that runs between the coastal city of Chiclayo and Tarapoto, the latter being a major centre near the western margin of the Amazonian jungle. Tarapoto has an airport that is serviced by daily flights to and from Lima. Actual driving time from Tarapoto to Yambrasbamba, a village close to the project area, is approximately 4 hours, however with fuel and lunch stops, the actual driving time is closer to 5.5 hours. In terms of driving times, the centres of Rioja and Nuevo Cajamarca are near the half-way point.

Access to the Bongará minesite is provided by a relatively new gravel road. There is no significant vehicular access to the Property beyond the Bongará mine area. From this point, access is by foot or horse along logging trails. WGM’s conversations with Mr. Charles Ushela, the President of Amazonas, confirms that many trails extend from the Mina Grandé area to the north and northwest, eventually connecting with the Cristal zinc prospect located 8 km to the northwest. In the view of Mr. Ushela, these trails could easily be improved to allow the use of 4-wheeler ATV’s for access and the transportation of camp supplies, equipment and drill core. Alternative access to the Cristal area may also be possible from the east by a gravel road that extends northwest along Rio Imaza from the town of Esperanza to the village of Perla de Imaza east of the Cristal camp. A small bridge of approximately 15 to 20 m would need to be constructed to cross the Rio Imaza and gain access to the Cristal area. Alternative temporary crossing techniques might include the installation of a wire rope ‘rip- line’ for transporting equipment and personnel across drainages.

In the past, other operators in the area, including those on the adjacent Charlotte Bongará Property to the east have staged access through the minesite when direct helicopter access is unavailable to them.
5.2 CLIMATE

The elevation at Bongará is between 1,500 m and 2,200 m asl. Below 2,000 m, the average annual temperature is between 23°C and 25°C; humidity is very high. Above 2,000 m, the climate is more temperate, but strong diurnal variations are common with temperatures ranging from 7°C to 29°C. The average annual rainfall is approximately 100 cm, most of

23 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

which falls between November and April, and ranges from 14.5 cm at lower altitudes to 180 cm at higher elevations.

LOCAL RESOURCES

The towns of Chachapoyas, Jaen, Tarapoto and Pedro Ruiz are the closest major centres and can provide all goods, services and accommodations for early stages of project development. More advanced projects would generally have to be serviced from Lima. Local towns, such as Pomacochas, Shipasbamba and Yambrasbamba may provide limited resources such as horses for transportation, fuel, lumber for camp construction, and fresh vegetables for the exploration camp kitchen.

5.4 INFRASTRUCTURE

Access to the Bongará Project is via an 21-kilometre long, improved gravel road from the main highway. This road is maintained by Forrester Peru. The exploration camp offers 7 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, a kitchen, and a meeting room together with a large lockable core shed with core cutting equipment.

During the late 1990s, a permanent camp was constructed by Solitario at the Cristal Prospect consisting of wooden buildings that were significantly improved during the 2008 field program. This included the addition of waste-treatment facilities, telephone and internet connectivity.

There are several watercourses with year-round flow in the area of the Property. WGM’s discussions with the original owner indicated a belief, perhaps optimistic, that the flow would be sufficient for generating sufficient electricity to support a mining operation. However, the appropriate hydrogeological and environmental studies would be required to determine their suitability for process and potable needs.

Although the towns along the access highway, including Yambrasbamba have electrical service, this would only be sufficient to support local usage. The Olmos Hydroelectric Project located 250 km west of the Property in the Lambayeque Region of Peru was scheduled for completion in approximately 2020 however the completion schedule is very uncertain at this time. The project is part of the 3-part Olmos multipurpose hydro project, which consists of integrated diversion and hydrogeneration projects which source water from the Huancabamba, Tabaconas and Manchara rivers. When operational, the project will supply

24 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

100 MW of power through the Bagua/Jaen power stations, and this will eventually be upgraded to 650 MW (4,000 gigawatt-hours annually). On completion, a high voltage power line will parallel the highway and reportedly will pass within 12 km of the Bongará area, but will unlikely be completed prior to the planned development at the Project.

The nearest deep-water port facility is located at Salaverry, which is located just south of the city of Trujillo or about 670 km by road southwest of the Bongará area. The port of Eten is located southwest near Chiclayo, approximately 465 km from the Property.
5.5 AGRICULTURE

The hills in the Bongará area are a combination of forest cover and cleared agricultural land. Most of the agriculture is subsistence farming, mostly for fruit and vegetables (e.g. cacao, yucca), however good quality coffee is widely grown. Cattle raising is another of the principal economic activities in the area. Informal loggers selectively remove hardwood trees throughout the area.

5.6 PHYSIOGRAPHY

Situated in the Eastern Cordillera of the Andes, about 240 km inland from the Pacific coast, the terrain is mountainous with elevations ranging from 2,000 m or less in the lowlands to more than 2,200 m along ridge tops. The highest elevations in the immediate region are in the range of 2,500 to 2,700 m above sea level (asl).

The elevation at the BZMP is between 1,500 m and 2,200 m asl within the high jungle, or ceja de selva, which is characterized by dense tropical vegetation and mountainous topography. Critical relief can exceed 500 m as the various rivers and creeks, which most likely flow along fault zones, have deeply incised the rocks forming isolated ridges whose slopes are commonly greater than 45o. This physiography is typical where limestones occur; lower-relief areas are typically comprised of younger fine-grained clastic rocks. Despite this terrain, all of the BZMP area is easily accessible by 4-wheel drive truck.

25 -

Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Plate 1: Terrain typical of the Bongará-Yambrasbamba Area.

- 26 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

6. HISTORY
EXPLORATION HISTORY

Canadian geologist William Menges collected samples in the area presently known as Mina Grandé in 1973 and is credited with the discovery of zinc mineralization in the area. Noranda Explorations Co.’s work during the 1974-1984 period consisted of topographical surveys, soil and stream sediment sampling, geological mapping, pitting and trenching, geophysical surveys and limited amounts of diamond drilling during 1978. Noranda dropped its interest during 1984 when the decision was made to close its exploration office in Peru. Ownership of the Property was transferred to Maria del Pilar Sarmiento.

In 1985, Compañia Minera Pilar del Amazonas (“Amazonas”) was formed as a holding company for the claims and for the purpose of exploring and developing the zinc-oxide mineralization at Mina Grandé. An option to purchase agreement was made between Amazonas and a Canadian-based exploration company, Canper Resources, which retained the services of WGM to complete an independent study of the Property. WGM’s preliminary resource estimate in 1987, which is a historical estimate that is not compliant with current CIM definitions and pre-dates the requirements of NI 43-101, was based on 20 test pits and resulted in a resource of 325,000 tonnes averaging 27.8% Zn and 1.8% Pb. This estimate provided an early indication that the area contained economically interesting mineralization.

During 1987, after additional exploration work, Canper terminated its plans for exploration at the Property due to a number of political events in Peru, and sole rights to the Property then reverted back to Amazonas.

In 1993, Amazonas re-named the project Bongará and an option on the Project was secured by a subsidiary of Solitario Resources Corporation (“Solitario”). Between 1994 and 1996 Solitario completed exploration programs consisting of geological mapping and geochemical soil sampling in the area of Mina Grandé and Mina Chica.

Solitario sub-optioned the Bongará Project to Cominco Ltd. (Cominco) during 1997. Over a 3-year period Cominco completed a program of geological mapping, geochemical and geophysical surveys and five diamond drill holes totalling 592 m (mainly on the Cristal Project). In early 1999, Cominco and Solitario relinquished their interest in the Bongará claims, and the properties reverted to Amazonas.

27 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Billiton examined the Property in 1999, however little work was completed. In 2003, Amazonas optioned the Bongará concessions to Mauricio Hochschild & Cia which later transferred the concessions to Corianta, a subsidiary of Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. (“Cementos”). Corianta mined high-grade zinc oxides by open pit method at Mina Grandé Norté and Centro (the Bongará Zinc Mine) over a period of 18 months during 2007 and 2008. The ore was trucked 540 km westward to the Pacific coast where it was processed through a Waelz kiln in Pacasmayo. The Waelz kiln is typically used to fume non-sulphide zinc ores and various types of scrap material from which zinc is electrostatically recovered as flue dust. In this case, the kiln was used to produce zinc calcines which were sold to smelters/refineries in Peru and the United States. The operation ceased in 2008 as a result of low zinc prices which prevailed in the wake of the Financial Crisis.

A subsequent program executed for Cementos by Corianta resulted in the largest single commitment for 69 diamond drill holes at Bongará totalling 1,974.88 m. Corianta’s work was largely focused on extending the Bongará mineralization in the Campo Cielo area by collecting 376 bedrock samples from pits and trenches over a 350 by 750 m area. Corianta’s target was sulphide mineralization at depth, however no diamond drilling was completed at Campo Cielo.
In late 2006, Rio Cristal Zinc Corporation was formed and signed an option agreement with Pilar de Amazonas to acquire the CBZP concessions (not including the Mina Grandé concessions). In late 2007, the Company was listed on the TSX Venture Exchange in Toronto and Rio Cristal completed a placement of shares. In 2009, the name of the Company was changed to Rio Cristal Resources Corporation (“Rio Cristal”) and in 2010 its shares were listed on the Lima Bolsa de Valores (Lima stock exchange). Between September 2006 and the end of 2008, Rio Cristal completed a program of geological mapping, geochemical surveys including rock chip, soil and soil gas sampling, geophysical surveys including magnetometer, pole-dipole induced polarization and self-potential, and forty diamond drill holes totalling 4,380.2 m concentrating on the Cristal and Charlita projects of the Charlotte Bongará Property. The drill program intersected significant zinc-oxide mineralization near surface and to depths of up to 50 m.

In support of a resource estimate and feasibility study in 2005 (see section 6.3), 19 samples were initially reviewed to develop an average specific gravity value for Mina Grandé. After recognizing that the 2.1 value arrived at might be influenced by the half-size of the split drill core used and that sampling bias may have occurred, 40 new pits were excavated and 55 new representative samples were collected of all rock types. These near-surface samples included karst (density = 0.7 to 3.59), gossan (1.84 to 2.58), dolomitic karst (0.97 to 2.09), limestone karst (2.40 to 3.53) and limonitic rock (0.71 to 3.12). The average density value was 1.6,

28 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

however Kalinaj (2009) argued that the lithology database was not and could not be entirely representative using the restricted collection methods employed, and even if the samples population was representative, the reliance of the reserves and resources on any single density value within a deposit was inappropriate given the variations observed in the mineralization. He recommended acquiring specific gravity data on a much greater sample population base, especially higher grading samples, and an overall approach using an assigned value as follows for each major lithology based on a sample population within which each sample contains >5% Zn. [NOTE: if values <1.00 are removed, the resulting average specific gravity is 1.81, and the overall average is 1.90 T/m3]. Zinc One and WGM have no information concerning how lithologies were defined. The following list (Table 8) contains average specific gravity values that appear to be reasonable. In WGM’s opinion, the simple weighted average may over-weight the importance of karst which is not systemically mineralized, appears to be post- mineralization and has a random spatial relationship with mineralization.

TABLE 8 PRELIMINARY SPECIFIC GRAVITY MEASUREMENTS FOR SELECTED ROCK TYPES
Average Specific Gravity

During the foregoing periods, the adjoining Charlotte-Bongará licences were also explored with an initial reconnaissance program carried out at Cristal by Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. (2002) which identified the Charlita, Anita, Erika, Marita, Chiriaco, Yolanda prospects (and possibly also the Campo Cielo prospect). This work capitalized on earlier work by Cominco which may have included some shallow diamond drilling.

Deep drilling was carried out in the Cristal area during 2008 by Rio Cristal Zinc in a series of six holes intended to test deep geophysical anomalies and geological targets associated with the contact zone between the Condorsinga Formation (“Fm.”), and the underlying Chambará Fm., and not to explore along strike from existing mineralization. Narrow sections of low-

29 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

grade zinc mineralization were intersected, however in general the deep drilling program failed in respect to its stated goal of discovering deeper mineralization in the Chambará Fm. No explanation of the geophysical anomalies was offered. The only interesting mineralization was found close to surface in the Condorsinga Fm. confirming what was already well known from the test pitting program at Cristal. It is evident that the distance to the top of the Chambará Fm. in the Cristal area is probably much greater than in the Bongará- Camp Cielo area as the two are separated by a thrust fault with Bongará being up-lifted relative to Cristal.

Late in 2010, Rio Cristal carried out a detailed program of geochemical bedrock sampling at Cristal using 1.2 m pits and resulting in 704 samples. at this time, 19 drill holes (the CR series) had been completed and in addition to Zn-oxide mineralization, the presence of Zn and Pb-sulphides was noted. Additional aggressive exploration, including helicopter-supported drilling, was recommended focussing on geologically linking the Florida Canyon deposit and the Cristal area.
6.2 MINING HISTORY

The Bongará deposit briefly entered production during 2007-08 when the Project was leased to Corianta, a subsidiary of Pacasmayo. The mine operated successfully at an average rate of 358 tonnes/day from March 2007 until August 2008 before circumstances relating to the international financial crisis caused the operation to cease. During this period, high-grade ore was shipped to the coast where it was treated using a Waelz kiln to produce zinc calcine that was sold to major refineries. Approximately 25,000 tonnes of zinc metal were produced.

The Mina Grandé deposit at Bongará is predominantly composed of non-sulphide (oxide- type) zinc mineralization comprising smithsonite, hemimorphite and hydrozincite. The mineralization occurs in a number of closely spaced bodies in a zone approximately 1,500 m in strike length and up to 400 m wide. Mineralization extends from surface to depths of 20 to 60 metres. The zinc oxides form a residual cap along the crest and eastern flank of an anticlinal structure.

In May 2005, Cementos embarked on a two-phase construction plan, comprising plant construction in Chiclayo and development of an open pit on the Bongará Project. Plant construction was completed in 2007 and the mine began processing test runs of oxide ore, reaching full commercial production at the beginning of 2008. Cementos stated that the company was to invest about US$50 m in the Bongará Project to produce in the range of 22,000 t/a of zinc metal for at least ten years (Centura SAB, 2005a). Ore was trucked to the

30 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

kiln in Chiclayo for processing to produce calcines that were then sold to zinc refineries. The grade and tonnage of the ore are not known, nor is the efficiency of recovery of zinc reported. Panoramic views of the present site are given in Plates 2, 3 and 4 which demonstrate the size and depth of the pits. WGM measured the circumference of the two pits by GPS. The smaller Mina Grandé A (Centro) pit has an area of 0.42 ha (4,220 m2) whereas the Mina Grandé B (Norté) pit covers an area of 1.4 ha (13,980 m2).

Following 18 months of operation, mining activities ceased due to low zinc prices. Mine reconciliation tables for 2007 indicate that 46,449 tonnes of ore grading 19.3% Zn were mined at Mina Grandé. During the first month of 2008, an additional 750 tonnes of ore grading 21.9% Zn was mined before production ceased. These production values were generated by Minconsult Exploration Services of Coldstream, British Columbia (http://www.minconsult.ca/) and were independently audited by GEOVAL (Peru).

The mine closure plan was approved on 1 December, 2009 and mine closure was nearly completed until the Ministry of Energy and Mines suspended the activity upon request by Forrester Peru.
6.3 HISTORICAL RESOURCES AND RESERVES

WGM’s “preliminary” historical resource estimate in 1987 was based on 20 test pits and resulted in a historical resource of 325,000 tonnes averaging 27.8% Zn and 1.8% Pb

In 1995, Solitario completed a mineral resource estimate using the data from 497 test-pits and a 7.5% Zn+Pb cut-off grade. A seemingly conservative density factor of 2.15 was used, which appears to be a “best guesstimate” considering the high degree of variability in the mineralization. There is no discussion of the impact of moisture content. Solitario estimated the resources to total approximately 1.64 Mt averaging 19.3% Zn and 2.3% Pb for Mina Grandé and approximately 0.27 Mt averaging 19.0% Zn and 1.3% Pb for Mina Chica. The resources in the Mina Grandé A (Mina Grandé Centro) and B (Mina Grandé Norté) locations had thicknesses of 1.98 m and 2.84 m, respectively, while the C area (Mina Grandé Sur) averaged 4 m in thickness. Mina Chica was thought to be the thickest at 4.76 m. Solitario’s study included some discussion of treatment methods which seemed to focus on beneficiation (flotation) and hydrometallurgical processing.

31 -

Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Plate 2: Panoramic view of the Bongará site showing access road at right and the mine workings located on the hill-top [west side of Mina Grandé Norté in center left and Mina Grandé Centro at center right of the photograph].

- 32 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Plate 3: Panoramic view of the Mina Grandé Centro mine site. Mina Grandé Sur area is on the steep slope to the left. Note the person on the bench at centre-right for scale.

- 33 -

Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Plate 4: View of the Mina Grandé Norté mine site.

- 34 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Neither of the foregoing historical resource estimates are compliant with existing reporting standards such as those contained in Canada’s CIM Standards and Definitions or Australia’s JORC Code. While these were carried out with the level of professional care normally expected, and they may be indicative of potential, they should not be relied upon for investment purposes.

Based on internal reports by Corianta S.A., a subsequent feasibility study report by Miroslav Kalinaj (2005) for Cementos examined the mining of Mina Grandé A and B “Faces” (Mina Grandé Centro and Norté), the C Face (the SE colluvial slope – Mina Grandé Sur) and the D Face (Mina Chica), and used the 69-hole (1,974.88 m) diamond drill core assay database as well as the pre-existing exploration pits, some of which were resampled, for its primary information base to support a resource estimate. At this time, it was noted that weighted average values for various geological units produced the following assays in Table 9.

TABLE 9 AVERAGE LENGTH-WEIGHTED VALUES FOR GEOLOGICAL UNITS IN DRILL HOLES
A total of 2,476 samples were used in the historical resource estimate that concluded that, using a 12% Zn (+Pb ?) cut-off, the three Mina Grandé zones and Mina Chica contained a resource in all categories of 1.415 Mt grading 20.25% Zn and 1.99% Pb of which approximately 405,000 t was classified as Inferred. Based on an open-pit mining approach, the reserves were re-estimated in 2004 at 1.063 Mt averaging 23.89% Zn and 1.98% Pb. After making allowances for topography that causes breaks in the lateral continuity of mineralization, the historical resources were further reduced in 2005 (?) using a 10% Zn cut- off and a 2.10 density to 850,000 tonnes averaging 23.46% Zn and 1.63% Pb.

While the total amounts of historical resources seem to be reasonable based on WGM’s volumetric review, the combining of all resource or reserve classifications does not comply with CIM standards and definitions for resource and reserve classification. Consequently, these estimates do not comply with NI 43-101 and they are not being treated as current mineral resources of mineral reserves and should not be relied upon for investment decisions.

35 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Between 2001-2005, the use of Waelz kiln technology for zinc recovery gained traction over hydrometallurgical processes, eventually culminating in the production realized in the year leading up the to the 2008 financial crisis.

The most recent (historical) mineral resources estimated at Bongará in a 13 June 2011 letter report by Corianta S.A., indicates 1.0 Mt at a grade of 21.61% Zn. Of this, approximately 770,000 tonnes is reported as historical “reserves”, however neither the resource or reserve estimates are compliant with CIM standards. Like the earlier estimates, they may be indicative of potential, however they are not being treated as current mineral resources or mineral reserves and should not be relied upon for investment purposes.

Although it has not been recently worked on by Zinc One, the Cristal zinc prospect is located about 6.5 km northwest of Mina Grandé in a comparable geological setting. During the period 12-26 September, 2011, geological consultant Miguel Zulueta completed a digital resource estimate of the Cristal Zone for Cerro la Mina SA., based on a 96-drill hole (2,599 sample) information base (Zulueta, 2011). The sample database was reviewed by WGM for accuracy in preparation for its previous report for Zinc One (Workman and Breede, 2017) and no issues were identified. Benchmarking at 2% Zn showed that a population of 607 samples exceeded this threshold, averaging 9.1% Zn over a 1.3 m interval. Variography indicated a maximum projection of 30 m from sample data points. A 1.5% zinc cut-off was used for block modelling using a 3x3x3 metre block size which produced the following estimate of Mineral Resources (Table 10). The cut-off was prefaced on a US$1,400 per tonne zinc price with no credits for lead or silver. For comparative purposes, the resources are also shown using higher cut-offs of 3% and 4% zinc. It is important to note that this estimate is historical and insufficient work has been done by WGM to confirm the accuracy of these resources and whether they are a representative expression of the mineralization. Certainly the in-put (variables) used by Zulueta for Cristal differ from those which WGM has employed for estimating the current Mineral Resources on Zinc One’s Bongará property.

TABLE 10 HISTORICAL MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE FOR THE CRISTAL PROSPECT
36 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

WGM has not audited the foregoing historical resource estimate in any detail however we are of the opinion that reasonable care and attention to detail was taken in the overall preparation of the estimate. We are not certain what measures were taken, if any, to ensure that resource grades were not unduly influenced by high-grade assays (nugget effect), or indeed whether any form of assay-cutting was warranted. For this reason and the uncertainties noted above, WGM is of the view that this historical resource estimate does not comply with CIM Standards and should not be used as a guide for investment purposes. Notwithstanding the compliance issue, WGM believes that the historical resources are a reasonable approximation of the nature of the mineralization and that the estimate is an accurate reflection of exploration potential. Additional exploration including drilling is certainly justified.

37 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

7. GEOLOGICAL SETTING AND MINERALIZATION

REGIONAL GEOLOGY

The project area is located within the Pucará Basin which developed over a period of approximately 30-35 Ma during the late Triassic to medial Jurassic Periods in the zone between the Pacific oceanic plate to the west and the Brazilian Shield to the east. With incipient collision between the two land masses, the basin was a collecting area initially for red-bed continental sands (sandstones) and then with continuing subsidence, for deeper water sediments in the form of muds, silts and carbonates (limestones). The regional geology is shown in Figure 3.
7.2 GEOLOGY OF THE BONGARÁ AREA

The Bongará Property is hosted within a substantial zinc belt that extends the entire length of Peru and hosts a great many carbonate replacement deposits including, nearby, Solitario Exploration’s Florida Canyon deposit with 12.9 Mt @ 13% Zn-equivalent in all resource classes (currently being explored by Votorantim Metais). The stratigraphic sequence in the Bongará area is shown in Figure 4. The local geology is shown in Figure 5.

Florida Canyon, which is a more or less ‘typical’ Mississippi Valley-type (“MVT”) deposit, occurs within the Pucará Basin and is hosted in dolomitized limestones of the Chambará Formation. It’s stratigraphic setting, in the lowermost part of the Pucará stratigraphy, is typical of such deposits on a global basis and underscores the basic requirements for such deposits: (1) a large basin into which metal-bearing sediments are deposited; (2) a protracted history of subsidence leading to the development of complex fault systems; (3) the evolution of metal-bearing brines as a result of compaction and heat flow in the deep basin; and, (4) chemically receptive host rocks. Metallogenesis typically involves the expulsion of weakly acidic, metal-bearing brines from deep in the basin as a result of sediment load and compaction. These fluids, which are typically at the low end of the hydrothermal temperature range, typically ascend permeable faults zones that develop during basin subsidence and base metal sulphides are deposited as the fluids interact with the first permeable and chemically reactive rocks they encounter. Metal sulphide deposition in some instances is attributed to the interaction of heated metal-bearing fluids with lower temperature, reduced sulphate-bearing formational waters that trigger sulphide precipitation.

38 -

© Watts, Griffis and McOnat

ZOR BON / ZOR_05_Rgnl_Geol_Map.cdr Last revision date: Tuesday 26 February 2019

824,000m.E  840,000m.E  0  1.8  Scale 1 : 180,000  9  Ki-g  78°  Kilometres UTM PSAD56 Zone 17S  Pc  Ps-m  s  -  m  TR-ch  Pc  TR-ch  Alto Cristal  Ji-a  Js-s  Ji-c  North Farallon Fault  Js-s  Cristal  Chiriaco Fault  Ji-c  Js-s  PROPERTY OUTLINE  South Farallon Fault  Ki-g  Ki-g  Kis-ch  N  Ji-c  i  h  u  j     F  l t  O  s  o     F  a  u  lt  Js-s  TR-ch  Ji-a  Campo Cielo  Mina  Chica  Kis-ch  Nueva Miraﬂores  Ki-g  Mina Grande  Esperanza  San Jose  Buenos Aires  Charito  Nogal  Ji-c  Ki-g  Yambrasbamba  Ps-m  Ji-a  Ki-g  Naranjito  Js-s  Ji-a  Ji-cJ  s-s  TR-ch  San Cristobal  Florida North  Florida Central  Js-s  Ki-g  Ki-g  Ji-c  TR-ch  Ji-a  TR-ch  Ji-c  Florida South  Ji-c  Kis-ch  Florida  TR-ch  Ji-a  Js-s  Laguna Pomacocha  B  Ki-g  a  o  N  e  g  r  o     F  a  u  l  Ji-a  Florida Canyon  Ji-a  S a m     F a u  l  t  K  a  e  n  M  i  l  a  g  o  s     F  a  u  l  t  L u y a - S hip a s b a m b a F a u  Ki-g  l t  Ki-g  Ji-a  Js-s  Legend:  Kis-ch  Pc  TR-ch  Ji-c  9 , 3 7 6 , 0 0 0 m N  .  9 , 3 6 0 , 0 0 0 m N  .

N m 0 0 0 , 6 7 3 , 9

.

N m 0 0 0 , 0 6 3 , 9

.
Stratigraphy

Stratigraphy

Kis-ch Ki-g Js-s Ji-c Ji-a TR-ch Ps-m Chonta-Chulec Formation Goyllarisquizga Formation Sarayaquillo Formation Condorsinga Formation Aramachay Formation Chambara Formation Mitu Group Marañón Complex Pc Mineralization Sulphide Deposit Zn Non Sulphide Zn

N m 0 0 0 , 4 4 3 , 9

.

Stratigraphy

_—-—— P| — Contact Taposraphy SsolG

Fault

Reverse / thrust fault

LandSat lineament

Contact

Topography

River

Cuenca Cristal - San Jose

Ps-m

Shipasbamba

Ki-g

Js-s

Figure 3.

ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.

Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru

Regional Geology Map

Graphics by: Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited Modified after: Cia. Minera Pilar del Amazonas S.A. (2011)

78°

824,000m.E

840,000m.E

9 , 3 4 4 , 0 0 0 m N

.
©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

DESCRIPTION 3 S N S a 3 = CRETACEOUS i cr Es Pucara Group FLORIDA CANYON PALAEOZOIC PRECAMBRIAN River gravels, comprising matric to cantimetric blocks and pebbles of limestone, dolomite, metamorphic rocks and vein quartz. Thinly bedded, beige to creamy grey limestones and mas, interbedded with greenish-grey sity mudstones, parlicularly near base. Mature white quartzitic sandstones displaying cross-stratification with minor intercalations of dark grey-black siltstones and mudstones. interbedded with white quartzitic microconglomeraiss towards base. Continental redbed, subseria fo lacustrine, sandstones, sitsiones and mudsiones, ees oan Prana ee Rees ong ee a Limestone boulder conglomerates (Corontachaca Fm.) locally at base. Thinly-bedded pale-grey micritic limestones with wavy bedding and clay wayboards. Interbedded pale-grey wackestones/packstones preferential dolomtized. Solution cavities (caves) with layered intemal calcaroous sedimenis, dolomitized. ‘The pale-grey dolomitic wackestones/packstones and cave sediments contain Zw/Pb mineralization essociated with WSD and GSD. ‘Thinly bedded black limestones and laminated sfty and bituminous mudstones. Intercalations of black bituminous and calcareous silty mudstones and laminated limestones. Abundant ammonkes. Dark gray bedded micries and biomes with ossilferous haizors in upper part (Moncils). Kerstifid in the Florida Canyon area. Dark-grey micrites with chert nodules. Coaser grained packstones are dolomitized locally, contain bitumen. Unconformity? Continental red-bed sandstones, mudstones and polymicic conglomerates. - Unconformity? rrr Greenish-grey micaschists and metasediments showing strong follation. Cut by acidic dykes.

Figure 4: Stratigraphic column for the Bongará Project area with red indicating the setting Mina Grandé zinc prospect (un-named in middle Condorsinga Fm.), the Cristal and San José zinc prospects and the Florida Canyon deposit (from Corianta report, March, 2011).

40 -

824,000m.E  N m 0 0 0 , 6 7 3 , 9  .  Legend:  Property outline  as u g a  as B Rio L  Rio Cristal  Post Pucara Group strata  Pucara Group  Metamorphic Complex and Mitu Group Zone of dolomite  Anticline  L  S  N m 0 0 0 , 8 6 3 , 9  .  Overturned anticline  Syncline  Thrust fault  Fault  a     T  i  n              J  o  u  j  s  e     F  u  l t  Overturned anticline  Strike-slip fault  LandSat lineament  Mine  Zinc occurrence  Rivers  Stream  Motorable road  Unpaved road  Horse path   Footpath  PASD56 Zone 17S  832,000m.E  78°  PASD56 Zone 18S  840,000m.E  Figure 5.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru  Property Geology  North Farallon Fault  El Aguila  Yolanda  Juanita  Charlita North  Charlita  Erika  Lupita  Esperanza  Marita  S  a  uth F  Anita  arallo  n F a ult  PROPERTY OUTLINE  Nestor’s House  Arenal  O  s  o     F  a  u  lt  ose n J a Rio S  Ramon’s House  Campo Cielo  Mina  Chica  Nueva Miraﬂores  Mina Grande  Min  a    Gra  n  d  e  Rio Imasa  Esperanza  San Jose  Yambrasbamba  Buenos Aires  Scale 1 : 100,000  0  1  5  Kilometres UTM PSAD56 Zone 17S  PASD56 Zone 17S  78°  PASD56 Zone 18S  Graphics by: Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited   Modified after: Cia. Minera Pilar del Amazonas S.A.  N

824,000m.E

832,000m.E

840,000m.E

9 , 3 7 6 , 0 0 0 m N

.

9 , 3 6 8 , 0 0 0 m N

.

L a s t
Z O R B O N

r e v s o n

i

i

/

/

d a t e :

T u e s d a y

2 6 F e b r u a r y

Z O R _ 0 2 _ P r o r _ G e o _ M a p . c d r

l

2 0 1 9

‘SDA %

PUI pur suff

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

A figure produced by AMEC (Cinits, 2007) based on an interpretation by Anglo Peruana Terra (2005) shows that the Bongará area is located in an area of intersection between an extensional N-trending rift (graben) and a northwest-trending structural corridor within which the basement is dissected by block faults. The concept follows similar models for other basins that globally host MVT deposits. The actual setting may be a bit more complicated in detail, however the figure does follow WGM’s general view that the basement (Maranon Complex) was rifted as part of the initial graben development. That tectonic setting is extensional (transtensional) and resulted in a trough with a general northerly trend. As the basin floor subsided under the weight of accumulating sediments (the Pucará Group), point to point differences in the amount of accumulated sediments produced differential movement, the accumulating stress being relieved by the cross-structures. at some point, compaction and heat resulted in pressure gradients that drove metal-bearing fluids along the surface of the Marahon towards the basin margins. The fluids moved around impermeable blocks and entered permeable conduits that channeled the solutions. Structural intersections were simply more permeable, so these have important ramifications insofar as the localization of deposits, but deposit formation still required a permeable and reactive host rock. Opportune settings, such as in the Bongará-Cristal area (Figure 6) obviously included intersections with the Chambará and Condorsinga Formations.

The reality is that the geology is much more complicated when viewed in detail. After formation of the Pucará Basin (proto-basin), the area underwent compression and this resulted in folding and reverse faulting which has greatly complicated the geological model and made more difficult the predictability of where favourable Chambará and Condorsinga rocks are located. However, one benefit of this is that the structural complexity has created additional pathways for fluids and this is probably one of the reasons that zinc prospects are so common in the area.

The circular features noted on Anglo Peruana Terra's regional geology map are interesting when viewed on Google Earth imagery. As compelling as many of these features are, some of them are much less visible and verge on the imaginary. The overall circular phenomenon is unexplained. It could be the result of doming which in itself might suggest the presence of an intrusion, either magmatic or salt) at some depth below the surface. However, there is no evidence of which WGM is aware of any such rock in the area.

42 -

Figure 6.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru  L a s t     r e v s o n  i  i     d a t e :     T u e s d a y     2 6 F e b r u a r y        2 0 1 9
Cristal Geology Map

Graphics by: Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited Map Based after: Cerro La Mine S.A. (Sep. 2011)

L a s t

r e v s o n

i

i

Z O R B O N

/

d a t e :

T u e s d a y

Z O R _ 0 9 _ D e t a

2 6 F e b r u a r y

2 0 1 9

i l

e d _ G e o o g y _ C

l

r i s t a _ P r o s p e c t . c d r

l

pur sifu ‘SyDy %

PUI
831,000m.E  831,500m.E  829,000m.E  830,500m.E  832,000m.E  829,500m.E  830,000m.E  PROPERTY OUTLINE  Yolanda  El Aguila  Juanita  Charlita North  Esperanza Marita Anita Erika  Edison's House  JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA  CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE  YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA  ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA  NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA  Charlita Camp  MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA  LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA  N  EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA  Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita  CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA  Cristal Ca m  ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA  Charlita Detailed Map  Lupita  Edison's House  Campo Cielo  Mina  Chica  Mina Grande  JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA  Map Index  CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE  YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA  ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA  NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA
NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA  Cha rlita Camp  M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA  LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA  EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA  Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita  CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA  Rio Cristal  Cristal Cam  ERIKAERIKA ERIKAERIKA ERIKAERIKA ERIKAERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA  Legend:  Cristal Soil Total Assays  by  Zn  ppm  20,000 to 285,000 (10)  Figure 7.  7,500 to 20,000 (24)  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  2,500 to 7,500 (47)  500 to 2,500 (134)  0  150  Scale 1 : 15,000  750  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru  0 to 500 (252)  Kilometres  Location Map of Cristal Zn Soil Ceochemistry  Graphics by: Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited    Map Based after: RCZ (A Zinc Exploration Company)  9 , 3 7 5 , 0 0 0 m N  .  9 , 3 7 4 , 5 0 0 m N  .  9 , 3 7 4 , 0 0 0 m N  .  9 , 3 7 3 , 5 0 0 m N  .  9 , 3 7 3 , 0 0 0 m N  .
Juanita  Charlita North  Esperanza Marita Anita Erika  Edison's House  JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA  CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE  YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA  ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA  NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA  Charlita Camp  MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA  LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA  EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA  Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita  CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA  Cristal Ca m  ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA  Charlita Detailed Map  Lupita  Edison's House  JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA  Map Index  CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE  YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA  ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA  NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA  Cha rlita Camp  M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M
ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA M ARITA  LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA  EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA  Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita  CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA  Rio Cristal  ERIKAERIKA ERIKAERIKA ERIKAERIKA ERIKAERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA
Edison's House  JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA JUANITA  CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE CHARLITA NORTE  YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA YOLANDA  ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA ESPERANZA  NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA NENITA  Charlita Camp  MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA MARITA  LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA LUPITA  EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA EL  AGUILA  Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita Kenita  CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA CHARLITA  ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ERIKA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA ANITA

N m 0 0 0 , 5 7 3 , 9

.

N m 0 0 5 , 4 7 3 , 9

.

N m 0 0 0 , 4 7 3 , 9

.

N m 0 0 5 , 3 7 3 , 9

.

N m 0 0 0 , 3 7 3 , 9

.

829,000m.E

829,500m.E

830,000m.E

830,500m.E

831,000m.E

831,500m.E

832,000m.E

L a s t
Z O R B O N

r e v s o n

i

i

/

/

Z O R _ 0 7 b _ C

d a t e :

T u e s d a y

r i s t a _ Z n _ G e o c h e m . c d r

2 6 F e b r u a r y

l

2 0 1 9

pur sifu THOS %

PUI

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Figure 6 illustrates the detailed geology of the Cristal Prospect showing the distribution of the upper member of the Condorsinga Fm. (pale blue) and the mineralized middle member (orange). The geological setting is thought to be generally comparable with that of Mina Grandé. High ground is found to the north and the rock formations dip down-slope 15-25º to the south. The lowermost member of the Condorsinga Fm. is located off the figure margin to the northwest (upper-left). The green units overlie the Condorsinga Fm. Figure 6 also shows the location of various zinc geochemical anomalies that are related to bedrock mineralization in this area, including the Juanita, Gigi, Yolanda, Esperanza, Nenita, Lupita, Marita Kenita, Erika, Anita, El Aguila, Charlita and Charlita North prospects. Most of these, as the legend shows, have clear indications of zinc and/or lead mineralization as oxides and sulphides. These prospects are well defined by soil geochemical anomalies as shown in Figure 7.

7.3 MINERALIZATION

The original ore mineralogy can only be assumed because the mineralization observed on surface is strongly oxidized and represented as:

• dense, red-brown, ferruginous (hematite-goethite rich) smithsonite that pervasively replaces the limestone host rocks;

• white, colloform to amorphous hydrozincite and calamine mineralization that fills late fractures in smithsonite-replacement ore;

• clear, colourless to pale blue mm-scale hemimorphite crystals and encrustations that line cavities in smithsonite-replacement ore;

• white hydrozincite/calamite cemented smithsonite and goethite breccia in late fault structures; and

• highly weathered, porous, light-weight smithsonite breccia mixed with hydrozincite.

This type of mineralization occurs in many parts of the world where strongly oxidizing atmospheric environments have occurred. Many of these areas have been subject to strong up-lift as found in Peru. Deposits similar to Bongará occur in the Tethys Belt in Greece, Turkey and Iran, the North American continental margin in Guatemala, on the margins of the Red Sea basin in Egypt and Saudi Arabia, in Yemen along the margin of the Ramlat as Sabatayn Graben and in the Himalayan orogen in Bhutan. In respect to volume, smithsonite is the most important economic mineral although it may be inter-related with strong goethite development (as at Bongará). Other secondary zinc minerals, such as hydrozincite (calamine) and hemimorphite, can be important because they commonly up-grade the earlier mineralization. Only on very rare occasions are sphalerite relics preserved as remnants of the

45 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

hypogene mineralization. Galena commonly occurs in most of the deposits, but it is volumetrically inferior to secondary lead minerals such as cerrusite, mimetite and others. Silver grades are dependent on the original silver content of the galena in the sulphide orebody. Silver is never seen in its native form.

To date, no zinc smectites (clays) have been identified in the Bongará area. These minerals were found in the Skorpion deposit where they proved to create metallurgical challenges, however although Skorpion is a non-sulphide zinc deposit, it is not a carbonate-hosted deposit and it has no genetic or other similarity to Bongará.

The individual zones within the Project area are described as follows in Table 11.
DISCUSSION OF METALLOGENY

Subsiding basins, such as that which hosts the Pucará Group in Peru, develop in a dynamic manner that can allow profound thickening of formations in only a short distance from the basin margins. This has direct implications on where best to explore for Mississippi Valley- Type deposits since favourable host rock formations may undergo significant facies variations over short distances. In general, the favoured setting for such mineralization occurs in a permeable limestone member overlying impermeable or non-carbonate strata, and in an area where fault structures have acted as permeable conduits to allow the ascent of metal-bearing waters expelled from deep basin sources. Generally, but not always, such deposits are found near basin margins. Examples of oxide-type zinc deposits of which WGM is knowledgeable that are similar in setting to Bongará include Jabali in Yemen, Jabal Dhayran in Saudi Arabia, Tekneli in Turkey, Esperanza and Torlon in Guatemala, Accha in Peru and Mehdiabad in Iran.

A common theme in the setting of all such deposits is that most often the mineralization within a district occurs within the same formation and in approximately the same stratigraphic position. Local factors play a strong role in localizing mineralization, and within a mineral district variations may occur as facies changes and structures exert influences on the migration of fluids (primary and secondary permeability factors). However, the reactivity of the country rocks, including connate and formation waters, to mineral-bearing fluids remains the single most important factor influencing mineralization. It is somewhat surprising, therefore, that mineralization in the greater Bongará area occurs over a wide range of stratigraphy ranging from the middle Chambará Formation (Florida Canyon) to the upper Chambará Fm. (San José), to the middle Condorsinga Formation (Mina Grandé, Mina Chica, Campo Cielo and Cristal). In terms of distance, this represents approximately 750 m of

46 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
TABLE 11 DETAILED GEOLOGY BY MINERALIZED ZONE

Mineralogy

Lithology and Structure

Alteration

Bongarita Zone

Zinc mineralization in the Bongarita zone occurs on the surface and is hosted by a clayey silt soil fragments of altered and mineralized dolomitized limestone. The mineralized soils are in-filling topographic lows, and they possibly represent the residual footwall remnants of an overlying mineralized body that has been mostly removed through weathering and erosion. Disseminated smithsonite is the main zinc mineral and is accompanied by Fe- oxides; to a lesser degree, hydrozincite fills late-stage fractures and openings in the rock.
Mina Chica Zone

Several different types of zinc mineralization are observed in the Mina Chica area, which are classified according to mineralogy and structure as follows: 1) hydrozincite occurs as fracture and cavity fillings, and as disseminations in the dolomite matrix and dolomitized limestone; (2) brown discolored hemimorphite and smithsonite with a sandy-silt texture having a high iron content and a greater density with respect to other mineralized zones (the mineralization is contained in sub-rounded, sandy silt textured bodies); and, (3) a combination of the first two types, that is, the presence of hydrozincite, hemimorphite and smithsonite where the hydrozincite is filling fractures and cavities, while the found as disseminated crystals and as massive clusters between hemimorphite and smithsonite are scattered in the matrix of dolomitized rock.

One important feature in this zone is also the presence of remnants of Pb-sulfides (galena) in some drill holes. No Zn-sulfides have yet been seen or are expected due to the easy dissolution of sphalerite and the production of sulfuric acid solutions generated in the area under oxidizing tropical weathering conditions.

Another feature observed in this area is the presence of tectonic gaps that in some cases are found with Zn mineralization. These are attributed to faults that allowed acidic Zn-bearing waters to enter the broken and permeable rocks where they reacted with the carbonate to deposit Zn-oxide and Zn-carbonate minerals.

The host rock in this area consists of a gray commonly that dolomitized within or near mineralized zones, and the degree of dolomitization is the main in differentiating lithologies. The most favorable lithology for the presence of mineralization in this area is the dolomitized and recrystallized brown limestone. A less altered rock generally marks the outer limits of the mineralization. Unaltered limestone is essentially barren of mineralization and forms the zinc- the outer entrapment zone.

The main structure that controls the mineralization in the Mina Chica zone is the main NW-SE striking fault which delimits the mineralized area towards the Northeast. This faulting creates irregular mineralized bodies that have the same direction as the main fault, and at the these are controlled by same secondary The faults. footwall of the mineralization is mostly defined by a fault contact

The main alteration observed in the host rock is dolomitization which represents an environment zinc very to mineralization. zinc both mineralization, dolomitized and fresh limestones commonly contain calcite as veinlets, and vug disseminations.

- 47 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 11 DETAILED GEOLOGY BY MINERALIZED ZONE (continued)
Dolomitization of host rock with peripheral calcite

- 48 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

stratigraphic section, or nearly the entirety of the Pucará Group and probably in excess of 25 Ma of sedimentation recognized mineralization because its rocks were evidently less reactive and less permeable to the metal- bearing brines.

It may be important that some members of the Pucará Group, notably the upper Chambará Fm. and the Aramachay Fm., are bituminous as these hydrocarbons have the potential to generate the sulphur required for sulphide precipitation. This may have been a factor in the development of mineralization higher in the carbonate sequence than might normally be expected, especially at Bongará and Cristal. On a global basis, many other MVT deposits are in sequences or basins that are producers of oil and gas (e.g. Jabali) or include hydrocarbon- bearing strata (e.g. Gays River, Nova Scotia, Canada).

Structural conduits are vital to the mineralizing process. A conceptual model for the development of the Bongará area is shown in Figure 8. A similar cross section for the Cristal prospect area is given in Figure 9. Even in deep basins where evidence of such structures may not be visible on surface due to the masking effects of over-lying or younger units, the faults that delineate horst and grabens (sub-basins) in the basement and lower basin strata play an irreplaceable role in the mineralizing process such as at Nanisivik (Canada) and Oued Mekta (Morocco). Fault movement in most cases was protracted beginning with initial basin development and continuing in lock-step with sedimentation and basinal subsidence. Movement on the faults that were conduits may continue long after mineralization such as at Navan (Ireland) where reactivation of pre-existing basement structures resulted in the orebody being broken into several individual sulphide bodies. Many deposits, such as Jabali, are localized where multiple fault structures intersect favourable host rocks, in this case a reef facies limestone.

49 -

ZOR BON / ZOR_06_Tectonic_Evolution.cdr Last revision date: Tuesday 26 February 2019

ry Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Regional Extension - Basin Subsidence  NW  BONGARA  FLORIDA CANYON  SE  Regional Compression - Lower Tertiary Uplift  NW  BONGARA  FLORIDA CANYON  SE  Regional Compression - Middle and Upper Tertiary Uplift  NW  BONGARA  SE

Regional Extension - Basin Subsidence  NW  BONGARA  FLORIDA CANYON  SE

Regional Compression - Lower Tertiary Uplift  NW  BONGARA  FLORIDA CANYON  SE

Regional Compression - Middle and Upper Tertiary Uplift  NW  BONGARA  FLORIDA CANYON  SE
Figure 8.

Legend:  Condorsinga Formation  Aramachay  Formation  Mitu Group  Marañón Complex  Chambara  Formation  Zinc mineralization

ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.

Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru

Regional Tectonic Evolution

Graphics by: Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited Modified after: Miroslav Kalinaj (5 June, 2005)

9,375,100m.N  9,374,300m.N  9,374,500m.N  N  S  2,200r  2,200r  2,000r  2,000r  1,600r  1,600r  1,500r  1,500r  1,400r  1,400r  Legend:  Figure 9.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  0  100  500  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru  Metres  Cristal Conceptual Section (Looking East)  Graphics by: Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited    Map Based after: RCZ (A Zinc Exploration Company)

L a s t

Z O R B O N

r e v s o n

EXPLANATION Flow with Ore py pn interred Fault Orilinoles

i i / Z O R _ 0 8 _ C d a t e : T u e s d a y r i s t a _ C o n c e p t u a _ S e c . c d r l 2 6 F e b r u a r y l 2 0 1 9

i

i

d a t e :

T u e s d a y

2 6 F e b r u a r y

2 0 1 9

Flow with Ore

py

sph

Inferred fault

Drill hole

Gollaymaqulaga Formation

0 to 500 (252)

500 to 2,500 (134)

0 to 500 (252)

500 to 2,500 (134)

0 to 500 (252)

500 to 2,500 (134)

0 to 500 (252)

500 to 2,500 (134)

0 to 500 (252)

pur sUffuy ‘Sy %

EXPLANATION Flow with Ore py pn interred Fault Orilinoles GE cottaynquisga GY oxre HE satay quitic #m. BY noo suipnice 1) consorsinga pm. SEY surpriae zn AramacnayFm. QD ociomierte GEE crampars em. (_] votospanite

9,375,100m.N

9,374,300m.N

9,374,500m.N

PUI
©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The Bongará area is marked by moderate folding of the stratigraphic section and strong north- westerly striking, basin-parallel fault development (listric faults). These faults tend to have great lateral continuity and control the course of many of the rivers in this area. Taken to their logical roots, these faults mark the boundaries of impermeable blocks of basement rock (grabens and horsts) that were probably instrumental in channelling evolved metal-bearing formational fluids. The Alto Cristal area is one such up-lifted block of Maranon Complex basement. Strong basin-normal, north to northeast faulting is present in the Bongará-Cristal area. These faults are younger than and offset the northwest-trending structures, and tend not to have the same lateral continuity as those other faults. With waning movement over time, many of these terminate in the rocks overlying the Condorsinga Fm. The Bongará and Cristal areas are cut by many such faults which likely provided ample conduits for mineralization. WGM observed several faults cutting the mine workings at Mina Grandé including a 073o (ENE) fault in the centre of Mina Grandé B (Plate 5) and a possible NW-trending mineralized fault in the colluvium area southeast of Mina Grandé A near the base of the slope also known as Mina Grandé C (Plate 6).

Aside from chemical and structural traps represented by reactive limestone formations, sulphur-bearing formational waters and permeable structures, other important local factors that may govern the apparent distribution of mineralization are consequences of the complex folding and faulting patterns in the greater Bongará area. While the Condorsinga Fm. is widely exposed, and all or nearly all of its stratigraphic section is revealed, several important factors are made clear in a detailed geological map of the Cristal Prospect (Anglo Peruana SA). The lowermost member of the Condorsinga Fm. is not well exposed as it wedges out against the ESE-trending South Farallon Fault (see Figure 3). The Chambará Fm. does not outcrop in the area although it presumably underlies the Aramachay Fm. Mineralization is confined to the middle member of the Condorsinga Fm. and is apparently absent in the upper member. This stratigraphic control explains the discontinuous distribution of zinc anomalies in pits and trenches distributed along the trend of the Cristal Prospect – these showings are located in windows (inliers) through the upper member of the Condorsinga. Given the shallow to moderate dips of the host rocks, it is clear that topography exerts a strong control on the distribution of geochemical anomalies and the interpretation of geochemical data must take this into account in the wider area including Mina Grandé. Hence, the apparent NW alignment of prospects is in part due to the combined effects of topography and bedding orientation.

52 -
©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Plate 5: Close-up of fault striking 073o across Mina Grandé B workings. The hammer rests on highly sheared, ferruginous carbonates. The goethite-cemented breccia is displaced across the fault however some shears extend into this upper unit.

Plate 6: View of sheared and broken zone near base of the slope below Mina Grandé Centro. All rocks are zinc-bearing and give strong zinc-zap reactions. A 7.0 metre long chip-channel sample (BON-18-1) was collected across this zone.

53 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

8. DEPOSIT TYPES

Although sulphide mineralization is absent in the Bongará area due to weathering and oxidation effects, zinc-lead-silver mineralization is thought to conform to the general provisions of the Mississippi Valley-Type (“MVT”) model for stratabound, carbonate-hosted deposits. These epigenetic deposits occur in all regions of the earth, and in many areas they Hypogene sulphide occur in clusters that define significant mineralized districts. mineralization typically occurs in platform sequence rocks associated with extensional basins. Major MTV districts include the Silesia of eastern Europe, the Viburnum Trend in SE Missouri, the Pine Point area in Canada’s Northwest Territories and the Tri-State area in the United States. According to the US Geological Survey, the median deposit size of 7.0 Mt grading 6% zinc, 1.9% lead, 0.23% copper and 32.5 g silver per tonne. The main ore minerals comprising these deposits are sphalerite and galena, and they are associated with pyrite and marcasite. Gangue minerals include dolomite and calcite, the former being intimately associated with the mineralizing process. Calcite may occur in the form of aragonite veins. Barite may be present in some deposits although it is typically minor.

In many parts of the world, MVT deposits in whole or in part have been subject to oxidation due to the effects of oxygenated groundwaters. This commonly occurs in areas that have been significantly up-lifted. For example, the Jabal Dhaylan deposit on Saudi Arabia’s Red Sea coast has been elevated by several hundred metres (or more) as a result of the opening of the Red Sea during the Miocene. Uplift in the Bongará area, situated near the margin of the Pucará Basin in Peru, and the effects of oxidation of the sulphide mineralization, has resulted in the destruction of all hypogene sulphides. In particular, the oxidation of sphalerite generated acidic solutions that allowed zinc to be transported and redeposited as zinc- carbonate and associated mineralization in dolomitized limestones, probably only a very short distance from the original mineralization. In some cases, the non-sulphide mineralization may replace pre-existing sulphides virtually in-situ. Galena is also affected by the oxidation process, and very little evidence is found of the original lead-sulphide mineralization at Bongará.

54 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Florida Canyon, which is a more or less ‘typical’ MVT deposit, occurs within the Pucará Basin and is hosted in dolomitized limestones of the Chambará Formation. It’s stratigraphic setting, in the lowermost part of the Pucará stratigraphy, is typical of such deposits on a global basis and underscores the basic requirements for such deposits: (1) a large basin into which metal-bearing sediments are deposited; (2) deep burial resulting in Eh, pH, temperature and salinity conditions favourable for metal enrichment in interstitial fluids, (3) load compaction leading to the expulsion of pore fluids; (4) a protracted history of subsidence leading to the development of complex fault systems; and, (5) permeable and chemically reactive host rocks into which the expelled fluids infiltrated.
The deposit forming (metallogenic) process typically involves the expulsion of weakly acidic, metal-bearing brines from deep in the basin as a result of sediment load and compaction. These fluids, which are typically at the low end of the hydrothermal temperature range, may ascend permeable faults zones that develop during basin subsidence and base metal sulphides are deposited as the fluids interact with the first permeable and chemically reactive rocks they encounter. Metal sulphide deposition in some instances is attributed to the interaction of heated metal-bearing fluids with lower temperature, reduced sulphate-bearing formational waters that trigger sulphide precipitation. Subsequent changes in the oxidation state to transform the mineralization from sulphide-dominated species to non-sulphide minerals (carbonates, hydroxides, oxides and silicates) may occur if the sulphide-bearing strata are up- lifted and subjected to a long period of weathering under acid-oxidizing conditions.

55 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

9. EXPLORATION

During the period 23 September, 2017 until 30 September, 2018, Zinc One carried out a comprehensive exploration program on its Bongará Zinc Mine project in Peru. The initial phase of work was completed at the end of January, 2018 and comprised topographic surveying, and a search to locate and record the co-ordinates of historical exploration drill hole collars, a task that necessarily included reconciling old grid co-ordinates with an up- dated and more reliable GPS datum (WGS 84). This exploration program included systematically resampling existing trenches and excavating new trenches at Bongarita followed by sampling and test pitting programs at Mina Chica, Mina Grandé Sur and Mina Grandé Norté. In particular, the work at Mina Chica was significant as this area had not been sampled previously and the initial surface exploration focused in an area where WGM had previously identified the existence of stressed vegetation cover. High zinc and iron values in soils can result in a degree of toxicity that impedes the growth of plants and trees. WGM had observed this previously around high-grade prospects in the Cuchumatanes zinc belt near Huehuetenango, Guatemala and saw similarities in the Bongará area.

The pitting and trenching completed by Zinc One totalled 102 excavations, with continuous sampling over distances of 1.0 m to 51.2 m. Typical pit profiles in the Bongarita and Mina Chica prospect areas are shown in Table 12.

The development of a surface topographic model commenced on 1 July, 2018 with the use of a differential GPS and Total Station instrumentation and was completed two weeks later. In addition to surveying the locations of historical drill holes and test pits, this work established control points for the subsequent creation of a digital elevation model (“DEM”) for the project area by PhotoSat of Vancouver, Canada using stereo WorldSat satellite imagery. The DEM was synthesized with one-metre contour intervals.

56 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
TABLE 12 TYPICAL VALUES IN BONGARITA, MINA CHICA AND MINA GRANDÉ SUR PITS AND TRENCHES
This work was followed by a program of diamond drilling that is described in detail in the following chapter.

57 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

10. DRILLING

As stated in the foregoing section, as an integral component of its recent exploration program, Zinc One completed 263 diamond drill holes, (excluding two abandoned holes), totalling 7,931 m during the period 7 February to 12 July, 2018. The drilling was completed in three target areas: Mina Grandé, Mina Chica and Bongarita. The field work component of the exploration program was completed when the last holes were logged and sampled on 30 September, 2018. The drilling was carried out for the purpose of confirming known areas of zinc mineralization in the three Mina Grandé sub-areas (Centro, Norté and Sur), as well as exploring new areas (Mina Chica and Bongarita) that had not been previously drilled, and where Zinc One’s recent near-surface sampling in test pits showed strong evidence for high- grade zinc mineralization. The zones were drilled with HQ-sized drill core on a nominal 35 metre spacing which defined each deposit in three of the cardinal directions. at Mina Grandé Centro, part of the area drilled was mined previously and then remediated by the previous operator, and consequently the delineation of mined mineralization was vital to the size and geometry of the remaining zinc deposit today for resource estimate and development purposes. The drilling program is summarized in Table 13. Selected results indicative of some of the better intersections from the drilling programs are given in Table 14.

TABLE 13 SUMMARY OF 2018-19 DRILLING PROGRAM
58 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 14 SELECTED INTERSECTIONS FROM THE 2018-19 DRILLING PROGRAM
A detailed map titled “Drilling and Pit/Surface Sampling at Mina Grandé Centro” can be found on the Zinc One website at www.zincone.com. Mina Grandé Centro is a part of one of the three zones of high-grade, near-surface zinc-oxide mineralization along a 1.4 kilometre mineralized trend extending from Mina Gran Grandé de Sur to Mina Grandé Norté that was tested by the recent drilling program. Currently, an application to delineate the mineralization encountered by this overall drill program as well as explore proximal areas is being reviewed by the Ministry of Mines.

WGM agrees with Zinc One that these results are extremely encouraging and collectively they define a highly mineralized NW-trending zone that extends to the aforementioned Cristal prospect and beyond. WGM previously used Google Earth imagery to identify the presence of stressed vegetation in the Mina Chica area which Zinc One subsequently confirmed and used as a guide in discovering high-grade mineralization at Mina Chica.

59 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
11. SAMPLE PREPARATION, ANALYSIS AND SECURITY

The sampling method employed during the historical exploration work is not well described in the available literature. From various photographs and references WGM understand that the procedures were conventional in all respects.

The drill core returned from each core run is placed in a 60-centimetre long, plastic core box that has five columns. Core recovery, rock quality designation (“RQD”), and geologic features are logged. Each core box is photographed and then sampled with a spatula, if soil or heavily-weathered rock, or cut with a core saw.

During the geological logging process, sections of drill core that were identified as being potentially mineralized were identified by marking the beginning and end of each sample and by marking a cutting line along the core axis. In general, sample intervals are 1.5 metres in length, however sample intervals do not cross geological contacts or major changes in alteration style or mineralization and therefore some samples may be greater or less than this length. to ensure that the sample taken was representative of the core, the cutting line was generally positioned such that it was along the axial plane or normal to any structure in the core. A pre-numbered sample tag was affixed to the core tray at the end point of each sample. In intervals where the drill core was broken, a cutting line was drawn on only those fragments of core that were sufficiently large to justify cutting. On completion of the logging, the drill core was sawn in half with a diamond saw. One half of the core was returned to the core tray and retained as archival core. The other half was placed in a plastic sample bag together with a duplicate pre-numbered sample tag, and sealed with tape. Sets of consecutive samples were placed in rice bags for transport to the project laboratory for analysis. While awaiting shipment to the laboratory, the samples were stored on site in a secure locked location.

To monitor sample preparation and analytical quality, Zinc One independently inserts certified reference materials (“CRM”s) as quality control standards, as well as blanks, and duplicate samples, that together comprise at least 20% of the sample batch. No sample identification or source information (drill hole number or interval), or quality control sample identification information is given to the lab. The early project samples were shipped for preparation and analysis to the ISO 9001 certified CERTIMIN laboratory in Lima where they were assigned lab tracking (bar code) numbers, weighed and the registration data was entered in the laboratory information management system (“LIMS”). For internal quality control purposes, CERTIMIN inserts its own blanks and standards as well as lab duplicates to monitor its performance and instrumental accuracy and report such to its technicians and Zinc One. The ALS Chemex laboratory in Lima follows the same protocols in respect to bar coding and logging each sample into its LIMS.

60 -
©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The analysis of soil and rock samples for base metals and silver poses no technical challenges that require special preparation procedures. Drill core of this mineralization type in a climatic zone line the Bongará area typically carries a substantial water content which necessitates drying of the sample in the laboratory. The need for drying is especially acute for samples collected in trenches and from exposed bedrock. Drying at excessively high temperatures can lead to loss of certain volatile elements, however these are of no concerns from the perspective of quantifying zinc, lead and silver contents in a representative manner. Samples sent to Certimin were dried at 100°C ±10°C. at the ALS Chemex laboratory, the samples are dried at a moderate temperature of 80°C.

At Certimin, the dried samples were placed in the hopper to the crusher and reduced to -1/4 inch (6.3 mm). A secondary crusher was used to further reduce the sample to -10# (2 mm). The crusher plates were cleaned with compressed air between each sample and barren quartz wash rock was used after every set of 10 samples. After crushing, the sample was passed through a Jones sample divider up to three times to reduce the sample mass and produce a minimum 200 g sub-sample for pulverizing. The sample was pulverized to a nominal 200 mesh using a ring and puck pulverizer that was cleaned with a brush and compressed air between each sample. The pulp was stored in a pre-numbered Kraft sample bag according to the LIMS record and the remaining coarse (-2 mm) fraction was returned to the original sample bag as reject.

At the ALS facility, the samples were crushed in one stage to 70% passing 2 mm. Of this crusher product, 250 grams was pulverized to 90% passing 75 microns (200 mesh) using a ring and puck pulverizer. The pulp was placed in a standard kraft paper bag and the remaining crusher fraction was returned to the original numbered sample bag and stored in case it is required at some later date.

As the samples are non-sulphide, a number of analytical options are available however all of these involve the selection of a dissolution option that may be aqua regia, or a 3- or 4- acid solution. Zinc One has optioned for a 4-acid digestion which is more robust given that the samples are acid-consuming due to high carbonate contents, and the presence of hydrofluoric acid (HF) ensures the complete dissolution of zinc-silicate (hemimorphite) mineralization.

For routine analysis, a 0.4 gram charge of pulp was digested in solution of nitric-perchloric- hydrofluoric-hydrochloric digestion, and geochemically analysed using the inductively coupled plasma-atomic emission spectroscopy (ICP-AES) instrumental technique for zinc, lead and silver which represent the elements of greatest economic interest, plus aluminum, antimony, arsenic, barium, beryllium, bismuth, cadmium, calcium, chromium, cobalt, copper, gallium, iron, lanthanum, magnesium, manganese, molybdenum, nickel, phosphorus,

61 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

potassium, scandium, strontium, sulphur, thallium, thorium, titanium, tungsten, uranium and vanadium. This method was used to determine zinc contents up to a maximum of 20%. If zinc values exceeded 20%, then a 0.4 to 1 gram sample of the pulp was re-analyzed after evaporation of the initial analyte, redissolution of the dried sample in hydrochloric acid and analysed by ICP-AES in the usual manner, but providing an upper detection limit of 30% zinc, 20% lead and 1500 ppm silver. For zinc contents between 30% and 100%, a 0.4 to 1.0 gram subsample was digested in a 4-acid solution of nitric, hydrochloric, sulphuric and hydrofluoric acids and then analysed using a titration method with EDTA solution and Xylenol orange used as an indicator.
For quality control purposes, Zinc One’s geologists insert a quality control sample in every batch of 10 samples such that 10% of all samples submitted to the lab are controls, either a blank, a field duplicate or a project standard. A medium-grade Zn-Pb-Ag certified reference material (“CRM”) was purchased from Ore Research & Exploration P/L of Australia for quality control purposes. Rather than using only CRM from a commercial source produced using unknown source material, Zinc One followed the advice of WGM and produced its own standards from locally sourced mineralization, thus most closely representing the actual sample media being analysed. Zinc One selected outcrop material to produce standards with three distinct zinc contents, and the material was crushed and homogenized in a geochemical laboratory. Sub-sets of each of the three standards were submitted to multiple laboratories for repetitive analysis and the results were compared in such a manner as to ascertain and assign a metal content to each of the Zinc One standards. Zinc One also employed CRMs purchased from Ore Research & Exploration P/L of Australia which constituted two blanks and one medium-grade Zn-Pb-Ag standard. The blanks constituted quartz vein material (CRM # OREAS 21e) and soil material (CRM # OREAS 25a), both of which contained trace to very low levels of economic and indicator elements. The Zn-Pb-Ag standard had certified values for various digestion methods ranging from fusion, a very robust oxidation, to a moderate aqua regia digestion. The certified values ranged for the aggressive 4-acid digestion employed by Zinc One’s labs were 11.35% Zn, 5.06% Pb and 104 ppm Ag. These standards were than stored on site for future use. When submitting a quality control sample into the sample stream, Zinc One ensured that the nature of the control sample was blind to the lab.

62 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The ALS Chemex and Certimin laboratories employed an internal quality control system that inserted approximately 2 standards (CRMs), 1 blank sample and two lab duplicate samples into every batch of 10 project samples. ALS Chemex reported the results of the check analyses in a separate document that accompanied the certificate of analysis that was reported for each batch of samples submitted by Zinc One. Certimin reported the QA/QC results in the same document as that which reported the analytical data to Zinc One. The precise ratio of quality control samples inserted by the labs to field samples varied somewhat with the number of samples in a given batch submitted for analysis.

To maintain an acceptable level of security on site, all core trays remained open on the drill site only until they were inspected by the drill geologist after which they were wired closed and delivered daily to the core logging facility. Zinc One’s logging facility was a structure of core racks and benches surrounded by a high wire fence enclosure that extended from the ground to the roof. Access was through a gate that was padlocked in the absence of project personnel. Once samples were cut and bagged, they remained in the enclosure in containers until such time as they were trucked to the laboratory for analysis. Zinc One maintained a regularly up-dated record of the samples to be cut, the samples cut and stored and the samples sent to the laboratory. On arrival at the laboratory, the sample submission sheet was checked against the sample actually received and any discrepancies were reported back to Zinc One.
WGM is satisfied with Zinc One’s choice of laboratories in that both Certimin and ALS Chemex are well recognized and accredited facilities for geochemical analysis. WGM is satisfied that the laboratory procedures for sample preparation and analysis conform to normal industry practices and are capable of reporting accurate results with a high level of precision, and that these techniques are appropriate for the type of mineralization that occurs in the Bongará area. WGM is also satisfied that Zinc One’s sample security provisions and chain of custody protocols are reasonable and meet industry best practices.

Zinc One monitors the performance of its CRMs, duplicate and blank samples on receipt of the certificates of analysis from the project laboratory. The labs and Zinc One both monitor the performance of the lab’s internal quality control samples to ensure quality performance. to date, no significant variations have been reported. More on this subject is reported in the following chapter on Data Verification.

63 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

12. DATA VERIFICATION
12.1 OVERVIEW

During its previous visit to the Bongará and Bongarita sites in September, 2014, senior WGM geologist, Al Workman carried out independent sampling of the mineralization and confirmed the location of selected pits, trenches and drill sites. The Mina Grandé A, B and C workings, Bongarita and Mina Chica Prospects were examined and sampled over a 3-day period. The Bongará A and B workings and Mina Chica were outlined in detail by GPS track at the time they were sampled. All track and sample location (waypoint) data was collected using the PSAD-56 datum used by the project and imported into Google Earth software. All sites measured by WGM reported an estimated precision error of less than 3 metres. Descriptions of the WGM samples collected during the site visit were provided in a previous WGM technical report. A total of 16 bedrock samples were collected for multi-element analysis by ICP, quantitative ore-grade analysis for Zn, Pb and Ag, and a determination of major elements (oxides) by fusion XRF. Water content data and specific gravity determinations were requested on all samples. The samples were delivered by WGM to the SGS laboratory in Lakefield, Ontario and produced assay result that generally replicated reported values, or certainly the range of zinc values. WGM’s corroboration of drill sites and other features was impeded by survey datum issues relating to the use of the PSAD-56 datum. The WGM geologist had a similar experience with a former client on a drill site in southern Peru, so the problem was not surprising and corrective action required the adoption of the WGS-84 datum.

Zinc One was fully informed of the surveying problem affecting some of the historical surveying in the Bongará area and took corrective action immediately by resurveying the terrain, test pits and trenches, and historical drill sites using the WGS-84 datum. As originally believed by WGM, Zinc One’s recent verification work confirmed that the co-ordinates for historical drill holes, pits and trenches within individual prospects or deposits had a reasonable degree of internal (geometric) precision. Consequently, WGM sees no reason for concern insofar as existing resource estimates are made for individual prospects/deposits such as Mina Grandé, Mina Chica or elsewhere.

Unfortunately, WGM was unable to review mineralized drill core from any of the historical sampling programs during its visit in 2014. Following the suspension of the mining project as a result of the financial crisis in 2008, most of the drill core was ransacked by local villagers in the mistaken belief that it contained gold. The core that was available to WGM was in poor condition and was not mineralized.

64 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

WGM’s subsequent site visits during February 2018 by senior geologist Al Workman and during September, 2018 by resource modelling specialist John Reddick allowed WGM to inspect all aspects of the Zinc One exploration project including:

• confirming new drill hole locations in respect to their relationship with historical pits and trenches;

• confirming drilling specifications and techniques;

• confirming geological core logging and sampling practices;

• confirming site security and shipping / chain-of-custody practices; and,

• collecting a set of check samples for independent analysis.

The site visits also provided an excellent opportunity for a discussion of all technical aspects of the project including but not limited to rock type identification and coding, alteration patterns, styles of mineralization in the various Bongara subzones, geological models relevant infrastructure availability and to 3-dimensional modelling and resource estimation, requirements and future project plans.
12.2 GEOLOGY

The Bongará deposit (A and B faces) is hosted in a variety of rocks in the Condorsinga Fm. which are generally very fine grained, grey limestones that have been variably dolomitized. They are described in the literature as being micritic, i.e. lithified carbonate muds and ooze. The shallowly dipping (10o-30o) bedding is typically a metre or less in thickness. No clear evidence was seen of fossils in the mine workings however a few 1-5 cm brachiopods were observed along the Bongará access road. Some mineralized limestone in the ‘Mina Grandé C’ area had features reminiscent of coral reef. No mineralization is apparent in the upper Condorsinga Fm. or in the Aramachay Fm. which other workers have concluded is unfavourable for mineralization, however as these rocks are limestones and calcareous mudstones, and are locally carbonaceous as well as having reasonably good permeability, no convincing reason is given for their lack of mineralization. The reason may involve the efficient stripping of metals from up-welling solution by the underlying Chambará or Condorsinga formations.

The mineralization in MVT deposits is typically accompanied by a substantial amount of pyrite formation commonly making it the most abundant sulphide mineral. The oxidation of MVT deposits therefore releases a large amount of Fe-oxides and this iron pervasively colours the host rocks in a large volume within which the base metal mineralization is enclosed.

65 -
©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Bongará is no exception to this rule. All carbonates in and around the Mina Grandé Centro and Norté zones are buff to yellow-brown coloured due to the tropical weathering on Fe-bearing rocks. Mina Grandé Norté is partially overlain by a goethite-rich ferricrete the age of which is uncertain. Angular, cm-scale fragments of goethite are locally cemented by hydrozincite creating a mosaic-style breccia that may be genetically related to late movement on easterly trending faults that cut the deposit (Plate 7). This iron may be an anomaly as it was not observed at Mina Chica (also known as Bongarita), and no specific mention is made of such ferricrete mineralization elsewhere in the Bongará-Cristal mineral belt.

Plate 7: View of brecciated goethite and limestone cemented by hydrozincite from cap overlying Mina Grandé Norté. The hammer pin is 3 cm in length.

The D Face (Bongarita), is on or under a small knob northwest of Mina Grandé Norté. Trenches in this area are in massive grey, aphanitic limestone containing some breccia that is probably syn-sedimentary or diagenetic rather than tectonic. Interestingly, boulders on the road to Mina Chica contain brachiopod fossils up to 5 cm in size suggesting shallow water deposition. A weak pervasive reaction to zinc zap is seen locally in the trenches that typically indicates a zinc content of ±500 ppm. Some of these rocks contain vuggy calcite veinlets that give a moderate reaction. The local geologist reported that such rocks are typical of the lower Chambará Fm., however the rocks in the area are reportedly Condorsinga Fm. the Mina Chica area has been trenched in many areas and strong zinc zap reactions are noted. Some of these rocks are thinly laminated limestones that contain hemimorphite in tight fractures. In general,

66 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

hemimorphite was more abundant in this area that at Mina Grandé Centro and Norté. A photo of WGM’s Mina Chica BON-2-1 sample site visited in 2014 is shown in Plate 8. Thinly laminated calcareous siltstone from a location 14 m to the southwest is shown in Plate 9.

Although few outcrops on the top of the Mina Chica hill exhibit significant zinc zap reactions, two boulders were found by WGM that did show strong reactions. Both were sampled and gave values of 42.6% Zn and 0.29% Pb, and 41.6% Zn and 0.10% Pb, respectively. The former contained some fossil evidence on the weathered surface. The latter was a limestone breccia. The rocks may have originated from pits on the top of the hill that were inaccessible to WGM as a ladder was not available.

Panorama across the 2.7 m wide BON-2-1 sample site (37.7% Zn, 1.23% Pb and 1.31 ppm Ag). Note strong zinc zap reactions on all faces and strong pervasive Fe-oxide development. A small dissolution cavity is seen left of centre in the field of view.

67 -
©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Plate 9: Photo of deformed, thinly laminated calcareous siltstone from a site 14 m SW of the BON-2-1 sample site. The hammer pin is 3 cm in length. This rock was not seen elsewhere in the Bongará area. A good zinc zap reaction is pervasive indicating strong mineralization.

Unlike the Mina Grandé A and B areas, bedrock exposures in the C area are present near the crest of the slope, but become progressively less identifiable down-slope. Soil cover is very thin in this area as evidenced at several shaft locations that are in solid bedrock. However, the surface of the ground is commonly chaotic and the area has the appearance of being affected by slope movement. It is possible that large areas of Mina Grandé C are colluvium. Metre- scale boulders are common. The “soil” that is present contains a high percentage of limestone and dolostone fragments and the finer fractions give a strong zinc-zap reaction. Taken as a whole, the nature of the C zone defies a single descriptor such as bedrock or alluvium. It is probably both. Various aspects of this zone are shown in Plates 10 and 11.

The depth to the Chambará Formation, which is considered especially prospective on the basis of the nearby Florida Canyon deposit, is an unknown in the Bongará area. Stratigraphic drilling at Cristal proved the top of the Chabara to be at a depth of more than 400 m. This information, while useful, is not directly transferrable to the Bongará area because the Cristal and Bongará sites are located in separate structural blocks separated by the Chiriaco Thrust Fault that has moved the Bongará Block higher relative to the Cristal Block. Consequently, the Chambará Fm. outcrops northwest of Campo Cielo. This is an area, essentially representing the back (apex) of the Bongará Anticline, along which the Chambará Fm. either

68 -
Waits, Griffis and McOuat

Plate 10: WGM geologist Al Workman standing on a boulder of ferruginuous zinc-bearing dolostone on the slope at Mina Grandé C. Note the corner of the shaft in bedrock at lower right.

Plate 11: Photo of Mina Grandé C slope above shaft. Note the curvature of the hillside that suggests a slope failure. Geologists ascending the hillside are circled for scale.

69 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

outcrops or is covered by a relative thin veneer of Aramachay Fm. strata. It remains unexplored on the Bongará licences and is relatively unexplored on the Charlotte Bongará licences. Farther to the west, 8.5 to more than 11 km from Campo Cielo, the lower Chambará outcrops where it is lying unconformably on crystalline basement rocks. This area is only partially covered by Charlotte Bongará licences, and the ownership of some intervening area is unknown.

Time did not permit WGM to complete an extensive on-site review of the geological setting of all zones during 2014, however the return visits in 2017 and 2018 did allow for a more complete review of the mineralization in the Mina Chica, Mina Grandé Centro and Mina Grandé Sur areas. At the time of its original 2014 site visit, WGM had predicted the existence of a major zone of mineralization at Mina Chica, and Zinc One’s exploration has confirmed this. A good understanding of the local geology, including the differences between the three zones is fundamental to understanding the metallogeny, but it is also vital to assessing exploration potential. Mineralization is hosted in the Condorsinga Fm., the highest member of the Pucará Group. Torres (2010) depicts the BB' cross-section wherein the host rocks and the Mina Grandé anticline are up-lifted and eroded exposing the Condorsinga Fm. Torres believes that the mineralization should continue on the limbs of the anticline, especially the north-eastern limb, below the overlying Sarayaquillo Formation and that this mineralization is more likely to be primary sulphides. Torres believes that the “Yambrasbamba reverse fault”, shown as the Chiriaco Fault on the drawings included in this report, may have influenced mineralization. Torres concluded that the prospectivity of this belt is upheld by the occurrence of multiple zinc occurrences to the northwest at Campo Cielo, Cristal and Alto Cristal. Thus far, Zinc One has found no evidence to dispute Torres’ assessment of the exploration potential.

A second section in the Torres report, named A-A', shows the stratigraphic sequence from the Chambará Fm. through the Aramachay Fm. as exposed in a 500 by 3,000 metre area along the axial trace (core) of the eroded anticline. Torres believes that Chambará limestone is an important host to mineralization and has potential for primary sulphide mineralization. Previous grass-roots exploration work by Votorantim in the Florida area returned positive results confirming the presence of sulphides in the Chambará.

In checking some of the historical summary files relating to the Bongará test pits, WGM noted that the reported average grades reported by Corianta for a total of 130 P-series test pits were simple arithmetic averages that ignored sample lengths. WGM’s weighted averages for the 130 sites were as much as -48% lower to +59% higher than the original zinc values and from -50% lower to +83% higher than the original lead values. The average WGM variance was +1% for zinc and 0% for lead. A few examples follow in Table 15. While the overall

70 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

effect of the lack of conformity of industry standards appears to be negligible insofar as global averages are concerned, the implications of this error are more important as they relate to someone’s failure to follow a simple industry-standard procedure for calculating average grades. However, WGM checked other averages and the error was not repeated. Since that time, Zinc One has recalculated and corrected the average grades reported.
TABLE 15 COMPARISON OF REPORTED AVERAGE BONGARÁ PIT ASSAYS AND WGM’s RECALCULATED WEIGHTED AVERAGES (selected examples)
12.3 WGM CHECK SAMPLING

As mentioned in the foregoing text, WGM’s historical check samples collected during 2014 were taken from the Mina Grandé pits and the Bongarita (Mina Chica) trenches were collected in areas where the previous work was obvious. The analytical results were in the range of what had been reported earlier. Due to the tropical weathering, WGM did not find clear indications of the exact locations of previous samples, for example, numbered aluminum tags marking sample end points. A total of 16 samples were collected by WGM for multi- element analysis. There are no technical challenges that impact the accuracy of results when analysing samples from non-sulphide zinc deposits for zinc, lead and silver, the principal metals of economic interest. Knowing this, WGM nevertheless chose a moderately strong 3-acid digestion and analysis by ICP-OES to provide quantitative ore-grade analysis for zinc, lead and silver and a determination of major elements (oxides) by conventional fusion XRF (Table 16). Water content data and specific gravity determinations were requested on all samples. The samples were delivered by WGM to the SGS laboratory in Lakefield, Ontario. Unfortunately, the laboratory sample preparation crew dried, crushed and prepared pulps for

71 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

the samples without reading the special instructions contained on the SGS Sample Submission Form. As a result, it was not possible to determine meaningful specific gravities for the samples. Two hand specimens were subsequently submitted for specific gravity measurement however these do not represent the complete range of mineralization present at Bongará. Additionally, the samples were not weighed following drying, so moisture content had to be back-calculated from the combined weights of the pulps and rejects.

TABLE 16 SUMMARY OF DATA RELATED TO ESTIMATED MOISTURE CONTENTS OF WGM SAMPLES
The WGM check sampling reported grades that were predominantly, but not exclusively, higher grading mineralization than expected although the analytical results were not surprising in any manner based on a visual inspection of the mineralization and the experience of the WGM geologist. No sulphide mineralization was observed. In the higher grading population, zinc values ranged from 31.6% to 50.3% in a rock consisting primarily of hydrozincite. Lead values were generally low (<1%) in keeping with the conspicuous absence of secondary lead minerals such as cerussite, mimetite or anglesite. The highest lead value, 3.37%, occurred in a tan siltstone to silty limestone that also carried 41.5% zinc. Several samples with very slow zinc zap reactions, and estimated on site to contain less than 1% zinc, gave values of 0.61% to 0.65% zinc. Zinc mineralization was accompanied by low

72 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

silver values, the highest being 3.05 ppm. This result was not surprising given the low lead values with which silver is commonly associated.

Many of the samples collected by WGM during 2014 were gossanous. Iron contents were unsurprising although there was no systemic relationship between iron and zinc. Iron content averaged 4.4% and exceeded 15% in three samples. Expressed as Fe2O3, the highest contents were 26.4%, 34.9% and 52.5% and these samples were generally well mineralized: 6.46% Zn, 31.6% and 13%, respectively. Calcium and magnesium contents, as determined by ICP were also variable and tended to have an antipathetic relationship with zinc. No sample with >10% Ca (15.8% CaO) or 7% Mg (10% MgO) contained more than 6.5% Zn. Samples containing high-grade mineralization tended to have less than 0.5% Ca (or CaO) and Mg (0.3% MgO), an the mineralization. However, one composite sample of strongly oxidized and porous rock from outcrop and an ore stockpile carried 37.3% Zn, 0.44% Pb, 8.2% Ca and 0.8% Mg.

In reviewing the SiO2 data, WGM notes there is one area that has especially high silica values in the mineralization. The Bongarita area, which is only a few hundred metres west of the Mina Grandé Centro pits, produced SiO2 values of 24.6% to 30.9% and only one value in the 5-sample group was low at 1.6% - the average was 22.1% SiO2. These high silicas are quite different from the values obtained from Mina Grandé Centro pits that ranged from 0.5% to 6.4% averaging 3.0% SiO2. Mina Grandé Sur values from various test pits ranged from 1.3% to 11.8% SiO2 and averaged 5.0%. Bongarita, seems to have slightly different geology and may contain a shallower water facies that has more detrital silt. Some brachiopod fossils were seen in rocks in this area which also suggests shallower water. One mineralized sample of thinly laminated silty limestone (or calcareous siltstone) ran 37.7% Zn, 1.23% Pb and 24.6% SiO2. The single sample at Mina Grandé Sur that contained 11.8% SiO2, by far the highest value present at Mine Grandé, was a 7 metre chip channel sample in an area where WGM recognized reef-type (coral) textures, and therefore the presence of fine silt in the carbonates would be expected. This sample ran 43.1% Zn and 1.13% Pb.

Manganese contents, ranging from 310 ppm to 5,660 ppm (average 2,198 ppm) tended to move counter to zinc contents and were generally lower in high-grade mineralization although the most manganiferous sample carried 37.7% Zn. Cadmium contents were extremely variable, ranging from 25.5 ppm to 4,190 ppm and averaging 990 ppm, and no systemic relationship with zinc was apparent although the sample with the highest zinc content also showed the highest cadmium content.

As mentioned, the laboratory pre-emptively crushed the samples and thereby prevented any further effort to determine the specific gravities. The two replacement samples submitted by
- 73 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

WGM from its group of hand samples produced specific gravity values of 1.40 and 2.38. These are certainly within the range of values previously reported for Bongará mineralization, however the replacement samples submitted by WGM were only two of 16 originally selected and were not representative of WGM entire 16-sample population. At that time, WGM recommended additional test work to document specific gravities for each of the major rock and mineralization types.

During its February, 2018 site visit, the WGM geologist collected 10 samples of half-core from the current drilling program. These samples were also analysed by Zinc One using its conventional approach of a robust 4-acid “near total” digestion coupled with an ICP-OES instrumental finish. For comparative purposes, the WGM samples were analysed at the SGS Lakefield (Ontario) laboratory for an initial suite of 32-elements including Zn, Pb and Ag using ICP-OES instrumentation. Sample digestion was achieved using aqua regia, a relatively moderate digestion but effective for non-sulphide mineralization. To determine the effectiveness of this approach, the samples were reanalysed for zinc using an aggressive 4-acid “total” digestion which is comparable to the Zinc One approach. A comparison of the WGM and Zinc One results is shown in the Table 17.

TABLE 17 COMPARISON OF ZINC ONE AND WGM CHECK ASSAY DATA USING 4-ACID TOTAL DIGESTION
Note: (1) WGM results were converted from ppm to percent for comparison purposes.

Most WGM results using the SGS laboratory in Lakefield, Ontario were higher for zinc than the Zinc One results for the same samples, but WGM results were generally comparable for silver and lead (with one exception each). The reason for this variance is unknown, however in cutting the core, hard lumps were encountered within intensely clay-altered, highly mineralized rock. These “nuggets” may have introduced some randomness into the distribution of zinc in the core. If this is the case, a larger sample would be preferable to a

74 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

smaller sample, and homogenization of the crushed sample would be vital to ensuring a representative result. WGM notes that the laboratory duplicates produced internally by Zinc One’s chosen lab show a variation as high as 3-4% however the variance seen in the WGM results are almost certainly due to noted variations in the drill core.

A comparison of the results based on WGM’s comparative digestion study for zinc is shown in Table 18. It can be seen that the use of a robust 4-acid digestion, as universally employed by Zinc One, results in a small incremental increase (0.5-7.2%) in the amount of zinc reporting to the leach solution. The reason for this is uncertain, however it may be attributable to irregularities in the amount of the zinc-silicate hemimorphite for which aqua regia provides a “near total” digestion.

TABLE 18 COMPARISON OF WGM’S ZINC ASSAY RESULTS FOR TOTAL VERSUS AQUA REGIA DIGESTION
WGM is satisfied that its sampling confirmed the general tenor of bedrock mineralization and the observed mineralization was more or less as recorded in existing reports.

75 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

12.4 DIAMOND DRILLING

During its initial site visit in 2014, WGM attempted to confirm the locations of historical drill holes (Workman and Breede, 2017). Many of these collar locations were in the area occupied at that time by the Mina Grandé pits. Consequently, they could not be confirmed. A series of holes and several short shafts on the hillside southeast of the pits was available for review, however the aforementioned datum issue prevented any meaningful confirmation of specific drill hole locations. Hole numbers were inscribed in cement pads or on drill pipe at some locations, however at many locations no identifier for the historical holes could be found.

In preparation for the recent Zinc One drilling program, Zinc One geologists used GPS instruments and the WGS 84 datum to locate and measure the location of many of the historical holes. At the same time, a topographic map with 1 metre contours was prepared for the project area by PhotoSat (Vancouver) using Worldview 3 satellite data. Zinc One established 11 surveyed benchmarks on the ground using differential GPS instruments. These provided corrective points for the satellite surveying program such that the survey points are considered to be accurate ±50 cm. This approach to surveying has enabled the data from these confirmed historical holes to be incorporated into the project database (subject only to an audit of the analytical data from such drill holes samples against laboratory certificates). WGM visited and randomly checked some of the Zinc One drill sites during its site visit in February, 2018 and found the hole locations to be well marked and the specifications to agree with that reported by Zinc One.

AUDIT OF HISTORICAL AND CURRENT ANALYTICAL DATA

WGM completed an audit of the historical (2004-2005) BO-series drill holes that have been used by Zinc One as a guide in planning and executing portions of its current drilling program. In addition to having original analytical certificates from the project lab, WGM also acquired photographic records for these holes. In total the zinc values in the project database were audited for 611 samples or 34% of the original 1,779 samples from BO series holes. Of the 15 certificates checked, only 7 samples were found to have errors in the reported zinc content (1% error rate). Five of these errors were simple typographical (data entry) mistakes and the difference between the entered value and the actual value was 1.5-5.6%. In general, the outcome was excellent, with only 2 samples having significant “errors”. They were posted as having 30% Zn which was actually reported initially at >30% Zn in the certificate, however after routine re-assaying of over-range samples, the true values for these were much higher. The errors are summarized in Table 19.

76 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

It is worth noting that Zinc One only incorporated those historical drill holes into its database for which the hole locations could be found in the field and certified by GPS measurements. Several holes containing high grade intersections were not audited and were not incorporated into the Zinc One geological and resource model because the locations were not certifiable (e.g. BO-DH-31 and BO-DH-35).
TABLE 19 SUMMARY OF RESULTS FROM WGM'S AUDIT OF ANALYTICAL DATA, 2004-2005 DRILLING PROGRAM
WGM also audited the assay database for drill core samples derived from the current drilling program. In total 67 certificates out of the 72 total. Of a total of 4,235 recent samples in the project database, 1,498 samples (35%) were checked against the original laboratory certificates in PDF format. In auditing the project’s Excel-format database, WGM focused on zinc, lead and silver values. WGM found no errors, largely we believe the result of Zinc One compiling the lab’s Excel format output directly into its own project database and thus avoiding any potential for data re-entry errors. Whereas samples that initially exceeded the zinc detection limit were re-assayed, sometimes twice using progressive techniques to establish the true zinc content, no such reanalysis was carried out for lead. Consequently, sections that are higher grading for lead are commonly represented by assays simply reported as >10,000 ppm and the data is entered as 10,000 ppm (or 1%). As a consequence of this, the

77 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

precise lead content of the Bongará deposits cannot be ascertained at this time, however Zinc One can be assured that the average estimated value will be lower than the true value. Silver values did not exceed the 100 ppm detection limit.
EVALUATION OF LABORATORY PERFORMANCE

WGM had no involvement in the more early historical exploration other than as an early participant retained to complete an independent review. Consequently, we have no ability to properly assess the accuracy and precision of historical laboratory performance. Insofar as the samples collected during the 2004-2005 drilling program are concerned, these samples were analysed at a respected commercial laboratory that maintained an internal quality control program that generally complied with internationally accepted best practices. WGM audited the analytical data entered into the project database against original laboratory certificates and found no irregularities although its audit was not intended to investigate laboratory performance, nor could it. Subsequent recent drilling by Zinc One in the vicinity of the historical holes has intersected mineralization of a comparable nature, therefore WGM has no reason to doubt the veracity of this historical data.

WGM’s recent audit of the current drill core analysis, which found no data input errors, gave no reasons for concern in respect to the performance of the project laboratories, Certimin and ALS Chemex. WGM’s review of sample preparation and analytical specification sheets indicates that conventional protocols and procedures are followed to ensure that the labs deliver representative, accurate and precise analytical data. WGM did not visit the laboratories during its visits to Peru.

As part of its review for this report, WGM recently checked internal lab QA/QC sample data for approximately half of the certificates audited and found no out of acceptance range for CRMs, blanks or duplicate samples. One barium analysis did significantly exceed the acceptable limit in a control sample, but no such variations were found in the elements of economic interest. Chart 1 shows the results of duplicate zinc analysis of Bongará samples on the next page. High-grade and low-grade samples are plotted separately. The central trend line is flanked by green lines showing an acceptance range within which the results of duplicate analysis would be considered acceptable, generally equal to a variance of plus or minus 10%. Some samples, especially lower grading samples, fall outside this range, however WGM’s own experience at Bongará proves that the mineralization in the drill core can be coarse and nuggety, and therefore we are prepared to accept a small population of variance beyond what might normally be considered acceptable.

78 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

COARSE DUPLICATES (<5% Zn) y = 0.9505x R? = 0.8965 Duplicate Sample, Zn, % 4.00 5.00 6.00 Original Sample, Zn, %

COARSE DUPLICATES (>5% Zn) Duplicate Sample, Zn, % 30.00 Original Sample, Zn, %

Chart 1: Illustration of the comparison of duplicate samples produced in the field from cut drill core. These samples were individually numbered such that they were ‘blind’ to the laboratory when assayed . A trend line passing through the assay population indicates the overall trend of the check sample population. The green line indicates a tolerable variance of ±10% for any given assay. The red lines indicate variance limits of ±30%.

79 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
BONGARÁ HISTORICAL MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE

12.7

There are no historical Mineral Resources in the Bongará area that comply fully with current CIM Standards and Definitions. In a feasibility study report for Cementos dated 15 June, 2005, Kalinaj reported historical Mineral Resources for the Mina Grandé and Mina Chica zones as follows in Table 20. Based on the open pit mine plan developed by Cementos, the estimated historical Mineral Reserves were summarized as presented in Table 21.

TABLE 20 SUMMARY OF HISTORICAL MINERAL RESOURCES AT MINA GRANDÉ AND MINA CHICA
TABLE 21 SUMMARY OF HISTORICAL MINERAL RESERVES AT MINA GRANDÉ AND MINA CHICA
The near-surface character of the mineralization allowed the zones to be traced with a combination of very shallow drill holes and excavated pits and trenches. Continuity within zones was well established and mineralized blocks were defined using a 10% zinc cut-off.

80 -
©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The correlation between original geochemical sampling data and drill hole data was shown to be excellent over distances of 10-15 m which was the block size used for modelling purposes. The use of smaller blocks introduced some issues of variability due to localized irregularities in the mineralization. Diamond drilling did extend the mineralization to a depth of 27 m from surface, well below what could be trenched manually. However some of this mineralization was stacked and excluded from the resources due to intervening horizons of weak mineralization. In some cases, the trenches and pits terminated in low grade mineralization directly above levels that were well mineralized. The genetic model essentially indicated in- situ oxidation of a sulphide deposit with very little lateral migration of zinc and lead. Kalinaj concluded that “the present knowledge of the geometry, morphology and controls of the mineralization can be considered as sufficient for decision making [and], the mineralization model used for the construction of solids is probably the most complex and precise that was used so far in economic evaluation of the deposit. WGM agrees with these conclusions but underscores the substantial geochemical evidence indicating excellent potential for new deposits along strike, particularly to the northwest.

The foregoing historical resources and reserves have not been confirmed by WGM. The Mina Grandé historical resources were partially mined in two pits during 2008.

The most recent (historical) mineral resources estimated at Bongará in a 13 June 2011 letter report by Corianta S.A., indicates 1.0 Mt at a grade of 21.61% Zn. Of this, approximately 770,000 tonnes is reported as historical “reserves”, however neither the resource or reserve estimates are compliant with CIM standards. There is no other data to support this historical estimate, and it cannot be relied upon for investment purposes.

Prior to this estimate, the next most recent estimate of (historical) resources was completed in February 2008 by Geoval and published in a technical report of the same date. The results of the estimate are summarized as follows in Table 22. A Qualified Person has not done sufficient work to classify this or any other historical resource estimate cited herein as a current mineral resource estimate and therefore none of the historical estimates cited herein are considered current mineral resource estimates, nevertheless it is interesting that the average reported zinc grade is somewhat similar to that of the current resources estimated by Zinc One.

WGM reviewed this 2008 historical Mineral Resource estimate in detail because it can be viewed as a basis from which a known tonnage was mined, and therefore it provides insight as to the resource that might remain below the remediated landscape. Although the 2011 historical resource estimate was post-mining and the more recent, the 2008 resource estimate

81 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

provides transparency in the procedures used and the digital files were accessible and provided a good basis for its review, whereas very little guidance existed regarding how the 2011 estimate was produced. The modelling was also carried out by Geoval Peru (authors of the resource estimate in Corianta S.A.'s report) using Gemcom® software which is also WGM’s main resource modelling platform, and therefore it is well understood by WGM personnel. All data was imported by WGM and validated using Dassault Systèmes GEMS® (version 6) software. Basic statistics for the dataset, organized by rock code are presented in Table 23. Basic statistics for the dataset, organized by rock code are presented in Table 24. The following is a description of the process and a summary of WGM’s findings that are presented in more detail in Workman and Breede (2017).
TABLE 22 HISTORICAL RESOURCES – FEBRUARY, 2008 (Reported at 12% Zn Cut-off)
82 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 23 BASIC STATISTICS OF RAW ZINC ASSAY DATA
TABLE 24 BASIC STATISTICS OF LENGTH WEIGHTED COMPOSITE DATA
WGM’s review of the database showed that grade-compositing was done on a 1 metre interval basis, measured from the collar downward however lithological boundaries were not preserved in this process, resulting in composites crossing over these contacts. WGM's block model review comprised the following analysis:

• Visual inspection of wireframes and block values (grade, categorization, rock codes, etc.) on plan and using 21 longitudinal vertical sections;

• Review of block interpolation parameters; and

• Review of block volumetric reporting parameters.

83 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

A topographic wireframe surface constructed from 2 metre elevation contours existed for the Property. Geoval and WGM noted discrepancies requiring manual correction and WGM recommended that the topography be resurveyed to produce a more representative surface (which has now been done by PhotoSat using Worldview satellite data). WGM also found triangulation errors in the fragmented wireframes representing the three main lithological domains (Dolomite, Karst and Mudstone) however since these were not used for volumetrics reporting, these errors were deemed to be immaterial to its review. WGM concluded that the wireframes were a reasonable representation of the various lithological domains of the deposit. Geoval’s broad-brushed approach to geological modelling was thought to be acceptable for a bulk tonnage pit application, but WGM concluded that it could pose problems for mine planning since there is less detail regarding geological continuity for grade control. WGM recommended that future updates of the geological model attempt to seamlessly correlate interpretations across multiple sections, an approach that has been used in geological modelling for the current Mineral Resource estimate.

WGM found the grade interpolation parameters as described in Geoval's report to be of questionable validity. Geoval established a single block model with block dimensions of 10 m length, 10 m width and 4 m height on a regular grid covering the entire extents of both Mina Grandé deposits. Blocks were interpolated using Inverse Distance Squared (ID2) which is generally acceptable for estimation where little to no anisotropy exists, however WGM believed that the degree of homogeneity in the deposit was less than forecast by Geoval and WGM recommended verification by other means of interpolation (i.e. Kriging).

The "Standard" block model contains values for various attributes including resource category, Zn%, density and rock type amongst others. Geoval categorized its mineral resources as follows:

• Measured (501) - blocks interpolated using 4 or more samples whose average distance to the block centre is less than half the variogram range;

• Indicated (502) - blocks interpolated using 2 or more samples whose average distance to the block centre is within the variogram range; and,

• Inferred (503) - blocks interpolated using 2 or more samples whose average distances to the block centre is up to twice the variogram range.

WGM cautioned that the lack of a limit on the number of samples reporting for interpolation from any one drill hole would likely result in a localized bias, and WGM recommended that any future resource estimations impose a limit. For tonnage calculations, a single 'global' specific gravity ("S.G.") of 1.57 was applied to all mineralized blocks. The underlying limestone (waste) was assigned a S.G. of 2.0. During its 2014 site visit, the WGM geologist observed considerable variances in rock density, and recommended further study on the

84 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

subject of bulk density to provide representative data for each major rock type. Zinc One has since followed WGM’s recommendations in acquiring new data to support the current resource modelling although the evidence shows that considerable variability exists.
In completing its previous audit, WGM recreated a volumetrics profile in GEMS and reported block volumes, tonnage, and grade. No new wireframes were used to constrain the reported volumes. The resulting volumetrics reports summarized in Table 25 show tonnes that are on average 17.4% lower than that reported by Geoval (1.22 Mt in all classes), although grades in each of the three categories are within ±5% (see Table 22 for comparison). Within the context of its audit, which did not constitute an exhaustive review, WGM was unable to explain the reason for the discrepancy in volume and tonnes. The verification of grade did lend credence to the treatment of analytical data, and it is important to note that the historical estimate was not carried out to meet NI 43-101 standards.

TABLE 25 HISTORICAL GCDBCO BLOCK MODEL - VOLUMETRICS VERIFICATION (Reported at 12% Zn Cut-off)
85 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

13. MINERAL PROCESSING AND METALLURGICAL TESTING

Zinc One has not carried out any specific programs of detailed metallurgical testing at Bongará to develop a detailed spreadsheet for processing. However, smaller historical studies have been carried out to identify the mineralogy of the mineralization as well as other features.

During 1987, laboratory scale testwork was completed on Bongará ores (known then as Eduardo zinc ores) supplied by WGM (Lightfoot and Floyd, 1987). These tests demonstrated that high recoveries of zinc (97.4%) and lead (98.1%) to relatively clean oxide fumes were achievable in a process involving continuous feeding of ores to a Sirosmelt reactor. Higher recoveries for zinc and lead (99.9% and 99.6%, respectively) could also be achieved using a batch smelting and fuming flowsheet. The fumes produced would be suitable for sale to either an electrolytic zinc refinery or to an Imperial Smelting Furnace type of zinc/lead smelter.

Several programs of mineral identification and testing were completed in support of feasibility studies. During 2000-2003, Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. completed the laboratory testing of rotary kiln volatilization of Bongará zinc oxide ore, and the pilot testing of zinc oxide ore by direct leaching. To save construction cost and shorten the construction period, Cementos decided to pursue rotary kiln volatilization of Bongará mineralization with the goal of producing a saleable Zn-oxide dust. Under commission to the Liaoning International Economic and Technology Cooperation Group Corp. of the Beijing General Research Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, basic design work was completed to develop a process flowsheet based on the use of a Waelz kiln and an electrostatic dust collector. The circuit included a magnetic-separator to recover reduced iron-rich slag.

The Cementos feasibility study report by Kalinaj (2005) demonstrated that the Bongará mineralization has the compositions shown in Table 26.

TABLE 26 COMPOSITION OF BONGARÁ MINERALIZATION IN SELECTED PIT SAMPLES
86 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The foregoing mineral balance reported by Kalinaj is unusual according to the experience of the WGM geologist. The high composition of hemimorphite in the samples, with smithsonite being absent in 80% of the test pits, suggests that the samples were somewhat subjectively acquired or that the samples were collected from a highly weathered zone in which smithsonite was largely replaced by hydrozincite and hemimorphite. Prior to site remediation, WGM observed good evidence for smithsonite in the Mina Grandé pit walls, and this appears to be the least weathered type of zinc mineralization.

Kalinaj notes that hemimorphite commonly presents itself as prismatic aggregates and as mm- scale bands (veinlets) intercalated with hydrozincite. A suggestion is made that hemimorphite replaces wurtzite however this is doubtful in the opinion of WGM as no wurtzite is observed or reported at Bongará. The habit of hemimorphites at Bongará is similar to that in many other locations in both tropical and arid environments, simply that it appears late in the paragenesis as a void-filling phase, commonly growing as spectacular fine-grained sprays of crystals lining dissolution cavities that are found along fractures and shears in the host limestone.

According to Kalinaj, hydrozincite occurs as powdery white aggregates and this observation was supported by WGM. It occurs as bright white, amorphous to very fine grained filling along bedding features, fractures and occasionally cementing limestone and goethite breccia. It is certainly younger (later) than smithsonite.

Smithsonite is described as colloform aggregates and concentrations and microcrystalline. While this is true, it is volumetrically more important as a pervasive replacement of limestone in which original bedding features can be preserved. This mode of occurrence is common in all non-sulphide zinc deposits, and it is arguably the most important “oxide-type” zinc ore. It is uncertain why smithsonite is so poorly represented in the Bongará sample suite.

Minor amounts of organic material and cerrusite were also observed in the samples.

Kalinaj showed that the mineralization is zoned with an upper 2 m thick layer assaying approximately 2.68% Zn and 2.37% Pb underlain by a 2.8 m thick layer assaying 7.7% Zn and 3.2% Pb. Both of these layers are highly oxidized. The third horizon is 4 m thick and assays 21.2% Zn with 3.4% Pb. The lowermost layer is leach, porous calcareous rock and recrystallized dolomite with residual galena (average 28% Zn and 1.8% Pb). The three lowermost horizons have an average composition of 20.7% Zn and 2.7% Pb over a thickness of 11.6 m.

87 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

At this time, there is nothing in the data or in the observations of WGM that would indicate that exploitation of the mineralization from Mina Grandé, Bongarita or Mina Chica would face technical hurdles that could negatively impact zinc recovery. Given the variability of mineralization, however, additional metallurgical testing is warranted, especially for those mineralization types (e.g. soils) that have not previously been tested.

Specific gravity determinations were made of various types of mineralization as follows:
SRK (2014) reported that Votorantim retained a metallurgical consultant, Smallvill S.A.C. (“Smallvill”) to perform metallurgical studies on mineralization from the Florida Canyon deposit in 2010 and 2011. This deposit is similar in some respects to Bongará, but contains a greater amount of original sulphide mineralization. Nevertheless, something can be learned from the Votorantim experience. AMEC was retained during 2013 to evaluate the project at the scoping level, now referred to as a “Preliminary Economic Assessment”. The Florida Canyon sulfide resource was shown to consist of zinc and lead sulfides in a limestone matrix where zinc is in higher proportions than lead. The beneficiation testing focused on conventional lead-zinc flotation. The oxide resource contains zinc in much higher proportion than lead, and consists of zinc carbonates and zinc silicates in a dolomitic limestone matrix. In contrast to the work by Kalinaj at Bongará, the zinc-oxide material was found to be predominately smithsonite and hemimorphite together with a lead-oxide material (cerussite). The oxide recovery process Smallvill investigated focused on a combination of heavy media separation (HMS) followed by conventional zinc-oxide flotation. The two concentrates were then up-graded to marketable products through calcination and Waelz roasting processes. The recovery estimates for the mineralization were based on preliminary metallurgical testing utilizing conventional sulfide and oxide flotation processes. Table 27 provides the recovery estimates by mineralization type.

88 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

For the sulfide, the conventional selective lead-zinc flotation process and treatment of the concentrate in lead and zinc smelters was utilized to estimate metal recovery, concentrate grades and processing costs. Oxide recovery, concentrate grade and operating costs were based on conventional zinc oxide flotation, calcining the flotation concentrate and treating the calcined concentrate at a zinc smelter. Recovery and processing costs for the mixed material was based on a tonnes weighted average: 59:41 percent sulfide to oxide ratio. Other processing options were investigated by Votorantim/Smallvill for the oxide material, but were not utilized due to process un-conventionality and higher operating costs.

TABLE 27 FLORIDA CANYON METAL RECOVERIES BY MINERALIZATION TYPE
In comparison with the high (97%) recoveries achieved previously in 1987 using a Sirosmelt reactor, the testing of oxide flotation for Florida Canyon mineralization offers guidance that this form of beneficiation may yield no measurable benefits over a simply pyrometallurgical approach.

89 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

14. MINERAL RESOURCE AND ESTIMATES

14.1 MINERAL RESOURCES SUMMARY

The Mineral Resource estimates have been prepared by John Reddick, M.Sc., P.Geo., who is a Senior Associate Resource Geologist of WGM. Mr. Reddick is a Consulting Geologist and is independent of Zinc One Resources Inc. and Forrester Metals S.A.C.

The Mineral Resource estimates presented in this report provide an update to and/or replace all previous resource estimates for five of the deposits on the BZMP. From south to north the deposits with Mineral Resource estimates in this report are:

Mina Grandé Sur (“MGS”); • Mina Grandé Centro (“MGC”); • Mina Grandé Norté (“MGN”); • Mina Chica (“MC”); and • Bongarita.

All of the estimated Mineral Resources occur in zones of oxidized polymetallic carbonate- hosted mineralization that have the potential for economic extraction of zinc. Relative to the high-grade zinc mineralization commonly present, much lesser amounts of lead and silver co- exist with the zinc, however these are found in amounts that may not significantly impact the economic value of the zinc mineralization. The estimates presented here are considered to be effective as of January 30, 2019.

The minimum cut-off grade and the block size used for the resource estimates were applied with the assumption that resources with potential bulk mineable characteristics have been appropriately estimated using these parameters. A minimum cut-off value of 10% Zn was established for resource estimates which is similar to that used for previous historical estimates and when the property was in production during 2007-2008. It was also used in order to determine the amount of higher-grading mineral resources approaching 20% zinc. WGM’s sensitivity analysis included additional estimates using cut-off grades of 5% and 15% zinc. There are no current metallurgical studies for the property and WGM makes no assumptions with respect to recovery of zinc for the Mineral Resource estimates.

WGM’s Mineral Resources estimates as of January 20, 2019 and the contained metal are summarised in Tables 28 and 29.

90 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 28 INDICATED MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT as of January, 2019
TABLE 29 INFERRED MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT as of January, 2019
Notes: 1. Resources were estimated using composites within constrained block models with block dimensions of 5x5x5m and

using ordinary kriging grade interpolation methods.

2. Top cuts at a grade of 40% Zn were applied to Zn grades of assays before compositing. A cut-off grade of 10% Zn was applied which incorporates 3 year average metal prices and approximates the cut-off used during past mining operations. Zn% grades can be converted by applying a conversion factor of 22.046 pounds per Zn% to obtain lbs of Zn per metric tonne.

3. A Bulk Density of 1.90 was applied using the geological block model density field. 4. Mineral Resources that are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. The estimate of mineral resources may be materially affected by commodity prices, environmental, permitting, legal, title, socio-political, marketing, or other relevant issues.

5. The quantity and grade of estimated Inferred Mineral Resources is uncertain in nature as there has been insufficient exploration to define these resources as an Indicated or Measured Mineral Resource, and it is uncertain if further exploration will result in up-grading the confidence level of Inferred Resources.

6. The Mineral Resources were estimated using the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum Standards on Mineral Resources and Reserves, Definitions and Guidelines prepared by the CIM Standing Committee on Reserve Definitions and adopted by CIM Council May 10, 2014; and further mandated by National Instrument 43-101.

7. Figures may not total due to rounding.

91 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The estimates for the Mina Grandé Centro and Mina Grandé Norté deposits have taken into account the removal of previously mined material extracted during 2007-2008 as data provided by Zinc One reflects the current topography (post-mining and reclamation). Drill holes from the mined areas were removed from the database. Previous mining was by means of open pit mining on two shallow benches at Mina Grandé Centro and Mina Grandé North (see photographic plates 3 and 4 in this report). No detailed record of mined ore or waste material was available to allow WGM to reconcile past production.
14.2 SOFTWARE

WGM estimated the Mineral Resources for all the zones on the property using the block model estimation tools available in version 6.7.4 of Geovia GEMS software.

14.3 DATA

14.3.1 DRILL HOLE AND SURFACE SAMPLING DATABASE

The Bongará Mineral Resource estimates are based on data from Zinc One’s recent 2018 exploration program of diamond drilling as well as both recent and historical pit and trench sampling, augmented by historical 2004-2005 surface diamond drilling where the collar co-ordinates of the BO series drill holes were confirmed by Zinc One. The databases provided to WGM were subdivided into sets to allow for the separate estimation of the Mineral Resources in the five zones listed below. The constraining wireframes and block model limits define a unique area for each zone. Filters were created to ensure that data from the filtered drill holes targeted only the wireframes identified for the zone that was being estimated. As described later, only drill holes were used to estimate Indicated Resources; drill holes and surface sampling were used to estimate Inferred Resources. The surface samples are described as pits, check pits or channels in the database used for estimation. The pits and check pits are excavated to various depths, often several metres deep and in rare cases over 10 m deep.

The co-ordinates of each zone are given in Table 30. The co-ordinate system is based on the UTM WGS 84 datum.

92 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 30 BOUNDARY CO-ORDINATES FOR ZINC DEPOSITS, BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT
Zinc One’s surface sampling was completed during 2017-2018. Zinc One’s drilling program was all completed during 2018 using NTW thin-wall, wire-line drilling and the core has a diameter of 54.8 mm. The BO series of drilling was done in 2005-2005 with NTW-sized drill core (approx. 48-50 mm), however the specific diameter is uncertain.

Table 31 presents the total numbers of drill holes and surface samples within the constrained areas for each zone estimated. If the assays for a hole or pit occurred entirely outside the modelled wireframes, the data were not used for grade interpolation. The data for Mina Grandé Sur and Mina Grandé Centro are combined due to the proximity of the supporting drill hole and surface sampling data used to model these zones.

TABLE 31 DATA TYPES USED IN MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATION, BONGARÁ ZINC MINE PROJECT
Diamond drilling has been generally directed at defining zones of better grade mineralization identified by previous recent and historical surface sampling. There was some recent check sampling of historic surface sampling by Zinc One to confirm sample grades from older pits. In instances where Zinc One surface sample data existed to check against older sampling, only the older samples were used for resource estimation as not all of the Zinc One samples

93 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

extended as far below surface as the historical pits. Only diamond drill samples were used to estimate Indicated Mineral Resources whereas both diamond drill and surface samples were used for estimation of Inferred Mineral Resources.

The drilling pattern for all zones is irregular; recent drilling by Zinc One has been entirely from surface and generally consists of fans of two or more holes from a single pad and in so doing has capitalized on the efficiency of drilling multiple holes from a single site. This targeting approach is possible due to the flay-lying to very shallowly dipping orientation of the mineralized bodies. Vertical and angled drill holes from surface vary greatly in direction, and consequently drill holes from different drill pads often converge at depth. The Zinc One drilling is on a better defined grid pattern than the older surface drilling and surface sampling. Drilling on each of the zones extends from surface to depths of up to 50 m below surface, but the majority of drilling tests areas less than 35 m below surface.

Collar co-ordinates are recorded in the WGS-84 datum. Zinc One initially located all of its drill hole collars and surface samples using GPS instruments. Co-ordinates from previous work were originally measured by hand-held GPS using the PSAD-56 survey datum. Zinc One located many of the historical data points and recorded those points using the WGS 84 datum that is significantly less prone to error. Historical locations that could not be verified by Zinc One were transformed from PSAD-56 coordinates to WGS-84 co-ordinates by Zinc One. Subsequent to GPS surveying, all collars and sample sites were resurveyed with a high level of accuracy relative to established survey monuments using a Total Station instrument.

Zinc One’s drill hole collars are from 20-30 m apart for the Mina Chica and Bongarita zones and 25-35 m apart for the Mina Grandé Sur, Mina Grandé Centro and Mina Grandé Norté zones. The result is that in areas where Indicated Resources are reported, samples from drill holes are spaced on a scale that is generally less than 25 m apart and as a consequence, blocks estimated as Indicated Resources in the block models have average distances of between 12 m and 16 m for all the samples that inform those blocks.

Drilling and surface samples were projected on vertical sections on 25 m centres oriented north-south and east-west, and also on additional sets of vertical sections on 25 m centres that are oriented southwest-northeast. In addition, drill holes and surface samples were projected on plan views at 5 m elevations that conformed to the elevations of the block models.

Figure 10 is a 3D view of the drill hole traces for the Mina Grandé Sur deposit (red) and the Mina Grandé Centro deposit (blue). Figure 11 shows the drill hole traces for Mina Grandé Norté deposit (orange) and Figure 12 shows the drill hole traces for the Mina Chica deposit (green) as well as the Bongarita deposit (cyan).

94 -

Figure 10.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru 3D View - Traces of Drill Holes Mina Grandé Sur and Mina Grandé Centro (looking North-East)

L a s t
r e v s o n

i

i

Z O R B O N

/

Z O R _ 1 0 _ 3 D V e w _ T r a c e s _ D H _ M n a _ G r a n d é _ S u r _ M n a _ G r a n d é _ C e n t r o

d a t e :

T h u r s d a y

|

i

2 7 F e b r u a r y

2 0 1 9

i

i

. c d r

pur suff ‘SDA %

PUI

Figure 11.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru 3D View - Traces of Drill Holes Mina Grandé Norte (looking North-East)

L a s t

Z O R B O N

r e v s o n

| YOZ/NOG

i

i

/

Z O R _ 1 0 _ 3 D V e w _ T r a c e s _ D H _ M n a _ G r a n d é _ S u r _ M n a _ G r a n d é _ C e n t r o

d a t e :

T h u r s d a y

i

2 7 F e b r u a r y

2 0 1 9

i

i

spUBIQ”

. c d r

pur suff ‘SDA %

PUI

Figure 12.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru 3D View - Traces of Drill Holes Mina Chica and Bongarita (looking North-East)

L a s t

Z O R B O N

r e v s o n

Aepsiny | _HOZ/ NOG

i

i

/

Z O R _ 1 2 _ 3 D V e w _ T r a c e s _ M n a _ C h c a _ B o n g a r i t a . c d r

d a t e :

T h u r s d a y

i

2 7 F e b r u a r y

i

2 0 1 9

i

pur suff ‘SDA %

PUI

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

14.3.2 ASSAYS, GEOLOGICAL INFORMATION AND OTHER DRILL HOLE AND SURFACE SAMPLING DATA

Drill hole data were provided to WGM in the form of spreadsheets with drill hole collar locations, hole orientations, lithological, sample location and analytical data that were imported into a Gems database. The data from earlier surface sampling often lacked lithological data but contained data for all other fields similar to that of the drill holes. Rock Quality Determinant (“RQD”) and core recovery data for all of the historical drill holes were not systematically recorded in the digital database, however WGM recommends those data available be entered into the digital database for future drilling and modelling purposes.

The drill hole databases were filtered by WGM to limit the holes being used to those in the immediate vicinity of each of the zones as there were a number of holes that were some distance away from the areas included in the estimates. The filtered drill hole databases used by WGM for resource estimation were produced using a series of filters that defined holes by areal distribution and sample type (drill hole, pit, channel, trench and check pits by Zinc One). Only data passing these filters were utilised for the resource estimates.

WGM is satisfied that the filtered data used for the Mineral Resources estimates are sufficiently free of error to be adequate for resource estimation. WGM’s audit of historical and current assay data is presented in chapter 12, “Data Verification”. WGM made some minor corrections to the drill hole assay database after consultation with Zinc One. These corrections were related to modifying some high grade zinc assays entries, where multiple analyses had been done on the same sample.
14.3.3 TOPOGRAPHY

A digital topographic surface with a one metre contour interval was provided by Zinc One from satellite imagery and that was used as the surface for all of the resource estimations. WGM is of the opinion that the digital data reasonably reflects the actual topographic surface. This is discussed in Chapter 9, “Exploration”.

14.3.4 SAMPLE RECOVERY

Zinc One recorded core recovery for sample intervals for much of the 2018 drilling and reports a value of 84% recovery from 3,821 samples with an average grade of 9.95% Zn. WGM recommends that these data continue to be entered into the digital database for future drill holes. Some of the mineralized core is quite friable, and RQD’s from the core examined during the site visit was from 0 to 20%.

98 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

14.3.5 BULK DENSITY

A bulk density of 1.90 T/m3 was used for the purpose of calculating tonnages for the Mineral Resources estimates.

Zinc One geologists weighed 296 core boxes with 957 m of core from mineralized zones from the 2018 drilling and arrived at a bulk density of 1.86 T/m3 by calculating the density from the weight of the core and the volume of the core based on diameter of the hole and length of the intervals. WGM notes that when the same data set is filtered for core boxes with grades of 5% Zn or greater, there are 253 core boxes averaging 14.5% Zn that provide a mean bulk density of 1.80 T/m3. Mr. Reddick participated in a portion of this exercise as part of the site visit. The bulk density of unmineralized limestone, which is not as easily altered by the intense weathering as the rock containing Zn mineralization, and therefore is not as vuggy, was 2.36 T/m3 based on 48 core box measurements.

In addition, Zinc One derived 72 density measurements on individual centimetre to decimetre- sized core samples from the 2018 drilling. These samples averaged about 200 g (dry) and were weighed dry and in water and the volume determined from the amount of water displaced. The bulk density derived from this exercise was 1.91 T/m3.

In 2005 Pacasmayo, the mine operators during past production, determined bulk density by an undetermined method from 55 samples. These were divided into a suite of five rock types and included specimens from surface samples and core samples. The bulk density Pacasmayo derived for the average of the five rock types was 1.90 T/m3. However, it should be noted the average bulk density of their 55 samples is 1.55 T/m3. It is assumed that they did not consider the lower bulk density to be representative of the mineralized rock as they list 23 samples that are described as “Karst” with a bulk density of 1.35 T/m3. While karst is present in the Bongará area, WGM views its relationship to mineralization as being random and post- mineralization.

As described above, the bulk density clearly indicates a significant loss of mass relative to what might be expected from a sulphide-rich, unweathered, MVT deposit. Potential losses in mass from the mineralized rock could be due to:

• a significant amount of porosity due to numerous mm-cm scale vugs in the weathered rock;

large scale (up to metre scale) voids from post-mineral karsting;

• remobilisation of soluble mineral material due to chemical transportation; and,

99 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

loss of recovered material in core from washing of friable material during the drilling process.

WGM strongly recommends that as exploration and development work progresses on the project, additional work in the form of excavating representative bulk samples is done to better determine the bulk density for each zone.
14.4 DATA ANALYSIS

14.4.1 GENERAL

Although sampling and assay protocols have varied over time, all the mineralized drill hole and surface sample intervals have been sampled and analysed for Zn and Pb, and some analyses from the 2004-2005 drilling program contain Ag analyses as well. More recent sampling, including the Zinc One surface and drill hole samples, determined Zn, Pb and Ag as part of a multi-element ICP package for all samples, followed by additional quantitative analyses, repeated if necessary, to determine zinc contents in those samples for which the initial results exceeded the detection limit. In Appendix 1, the results of Exploratory Data Analyses (“EDA”) include results for Pb and Ag but those elements are not included in the resource estimates. In addition to the fact that some holes contained many samples that exceeded the detection limit for lead and a few samples exceeded that for silver, Zinc One has indicated to WGM that in its opinion the economic recovery of lead and silver is doubtful given the anticipated ore processing route. For these reasons, WGM moved forward with a zinc-only Mineral Resource estimate.

SAMPLING AND SAMPLE LENGTHS

The diamond drill holes were sampled continuously through mineralized zones and into the shoulders of adjacent unmineralized rock. Drill core in mineralization is often too friable to cut with a saw so it was manually divided into half with the archived portion retained in the core box. The average length of surface samples and that of the BO series core samples drilled in 2005-2005 is approximately 1 m. The average length of Zinc One drill core samples is 1.56 m.

100 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

14.4.3 SAMPLE BIAS

WGM analysed the sample data to determine if there were differences in Zn grades as a function of the drilling programs, or differences between diamond drilling and surface sampling. There are some differences between phases of diamond drilling, and between drilling results compared to surface sample results. WGM determined that the surface sample averages were sufficiently similar to those of the drilling to allow their inclusion for Inferred Resource estimates. One of the limiting characteristics of the surface sampling is that not all pits were deep enough to reach the bottom of mineralization whereas the drill holes for the most part penetrated through to barren rock in the footwall below the mineralization.

As the analyses done for sample bias differentiated data by the wireframes for each deposit, those data also serve to assist with additional EDA as described below. Appendix 1 presents detailed sample statistics for all of the zones estimated, including a breakdown of statistics by sample type. A summary of sample statistics by type for all of the zones on the Bongará property is presented in Table 32. The samples described below are all within the constraining wireframes used for the resource estimates. As the surface sampling and BO series drilling appear to have been targeted more specifically to test mineralized areas, and as the Zinc One drilling was more systematically done on a grid to test known mineralization and to potentially enlarge the outer margins of these zones, the apparent bias may be due to hole location and target selection. Only the BO and Zinc One diamond drill hole data were used to support the Indicated Resource estimates. All the data were used to support the Inferred Resource estimates.

TABLE 32 SUMMARY STATISTICS BY SAMPLE TYPE
101 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

14.4.4 CONSTRAINING DOMAINS

The Mineral Resources in all of the mineralized zones were estimated through the use of constraining wireframes generated by WGM using digital modelling methods in GEMS 6.7.4 software. The wireframes were based on polylines interpreted on a series of vertical sections at various orientations, as well as on plan views using 5 m elevation separations. The polyline interpretations were based on both Zn assay grades and lithology. An approximate grade boundary of 5% Zn was used as that represented a level of mineralization below the cut-off grade used for the block model resource estimates. Zinc One provided manual interpretations of both lithology and Zn mineralization on hard copy prints of drill and surface sample data projected to vertical sections to be used as a guide to assist WGM with its modelling. Due to the relatively shallow depths of mineralisation, a lower bounding surface was not used to limit the resource estimates.

The polylines that were used to create the wireframes were snapped to the assay intervals to honour the position of the samples in 3D. The wireframes were clipped by the topographic surface provided by Zinc One.

Notes on the modelling of each domain follow below. Some of the zones were divided into smaller sub-domains based on lithological features such as unmineralized limestone, faults and post-mineral alteration. The apparent faults identified during the logging of drill core that are considered by Zinc One to be significant include:

footwall faults that generally appeared to be conformable with the mineralization and stratigraphy, for example at Mina Chica; and,

• post-mineral, subvertical east-northeast striking faults that appear to have had several to tens of metres normal, reverse and strike-slip movement.

The subvertical faults were reasonably well defined in the Mina Chica area. Similar faults in the Mina Grandé zones are described in logs and are apparent as features in the topographic surface, however these are not well defined. It also appears as though the gap between Mina Grandé Sur and Mina Grandé Centro is a function of displacement along a significant east- northeast striking fault termed the Ridge Fault by Zinc One.
Mina Grandé Sur

The Mina Grandé Sur (“MGS”) zone was modelled by constructing a wireframe constraining the Zn values south of the Ridge Fault interpreted by Zinc One. This grade shell is approximately equal to a 5% Zn cut-off based on assays in drill holes and from surface

102 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

samples. As most surface samples collected from pits and trenches do not extend to the bottom of the mineralization, the lower limit of the zone was defined by drill hole data where available. In areas where drilling did not provide data, the lower limit of mineralization was interpreted to be at the bottom of the surface sampling. This was done to prevent large volumes of the grade shell being unconstrained by either lithology of Zn grade data. With in- fill drilling, this grade shell can be up-dated to incorporate additional data.

There are internal areas within the Mina Grandé Sur grade shell that are modelled with nested or clipping wireframes that define volumes of unaltered limestone or volumes of very low grade, oxidised material variably described as soil or gossan. These areas (limestone or gossan) are coded such that they and the assay data found within them do not contribute to the current resource estimates.

Mina Grandé Centro

The Mina Grandé Centro (“MGC”) zone is about 25 m north of Mina Grandé Sur and is separated from it by the interpreted Ridge Fault. MGC was modelled in a similar fashion as for Mina Grandé Sur. Internal areas within the Mina Grandé Centro grade shell also contain nested or clipping wireframes that define volumes of unaltered limestone or volumes of oxidised material variably described as soil or gossan that are very low grade and were excluded from the Mineral Resource volume.

The amount of material modelled as gossan is significantly greater in MGC than in any other area and it is quite complex geometrically. This is a consideration that would need to be addressed if the project advances to the stage where mining is contemplated as it will have an impact on dilution and ore losses. These areas (limestone or gossan) are coded such that they and the assay data found within them do not contribute to the current resource estimates. There are a number of faults logged in the drill holes in MGC that appear to be reflected in topographical depressions, but these could not be modelled in any coherent fashion at this time.
Mina Grandé Norté

The Mina Grandé Norté (“MGN”) zone is located about 100 m north of Mina Grandé Centro. This area was modelled in a similar fashion as the above zones, however it has had considerably less drilling done in it relative to surface sampling. Only the western margin of the zone has had systematically spaced drilling and the constraints in other areas are dictated by surface sampling. Consequently, the majority of the tonnes reported for the MGN zone are classified as Inferred Mineral Resources.

103 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Mina Chica

The Mina Chica (“MC”) zone is about 250 m north of Mina Grandé Norté. This area, characterized by stressed vegetation due to zinc toxicity, had not been previously drilled, but was intensively drilled by Zinc One in 2018. There are a number of interpreted sub-vertical faults that transect MC and that have resulted in vertical and horizontal displacements of up to 30 m. An analysis of assay grades for the different fault blocks, such as mean Zn% grades and median Zn% values, showed them to be similar in statistical properties. Due to the uncertainty regarding the exact location and attitude of the interpreted faults, the entire MC zone was treated as one domain for the purposes of resource estimation rather than treating each block as a separate domain.

Bongarita

The Bongarita (“BONG”) zone is a relatively small and shallow, near-surface area of mineralization located 40-50 m west of Mina Chica. It is characterised by highly oxidised mineralized material that is similar to weathered soil on surface, and extends to a maximum of 10 m below surface.

104 -

Mina Chica  Mina Chica  Mina Grande Norte  Bongarita  Mina Grande Centro  Bongarita  Mina Grande Sur  Figure 13.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru  3D Plan View of the Deposits

L a s t

r e v s o n

i

i

d a t e :

M o n d a y

1 1 M a r c h

Z O R B O N

HOZ/

/

Z O R _ 1 9 _ 3 D _ M o d e l . c d r

2 0 1 9

pur sifu syoA %
PUQV

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

14.5 ASSAYS GRADE DISTRIBUTIONS AND STATISTICS

14.5.1 INTRODUCTION

Table 33 shows summary statistics for zinc assays from all sample types in the wireframes used for resource modelling of the various zones. Detailed statistics by sample type are in Appendix 1. Differences in statistical parameters are attributed to:

variations in the overall grade of the zones; • overprinting of zinc mineralization by gossan; • different contributions in terms of sample types; and, • different degrees of clustering of data depending on the amount and pattern of drilling.

TABLE 33 ASSAY STATISTICS SUMMARY IN WIREFRAMES FOR ZINC, BONGARÁ ZINC MINE PROJECT
106 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

14.5.2 GRADE CAPPING

On the basis of WGM’s reviews of the assay data from Zinc One’s drilling program, including reviews of the probability plots, an examination of the amount of metal carried by the higher grade samples and an examination of lognormal histograms, a top-cut of 40% Zn was applied to all assays. Only the assay data from Zinc One drilling was used for this determination. The product of contained metal as determined by length multiplied by grade is from 93 to 99.5% for cut grades compared to uncut grades, depending on the deposit.

Appendix 2 contains log-transformed probability plots of Zinc One’s diamond drill hole assays for the different zones. A review of these plots shows relatively minor inflection points in the 0.5 to 1% Zn range, and at the 2-4% Zn range, depending on the deposit. There is a significant inflection point for all deposits in the 30-40% Zn range which clearly indicates a different population of mineralization above that range. Table 34 summarises the impact of applying top cuts on length weighted assays from each of the wireframes used. For all of the deposits reported in the current resource estimates, there is in total a 4% reduction in metal as a consequence of applying top cuts to 6% of the samples.

TABLE 34 IMPACT OF 40% ZINC TOP-CUTS ON ASSAYS
14.5.3 COMPOSITES

All informing drill core and surface samples were composited to 3.0 m run-length intervals. As many surface samples were from pits that extend several metres below surface, compositing was done in the same manner for them as for drill holes. With the exception of a number of very short assay intervals and a few long intervals, the grades of the 3.0 m composites for surface samples are not substantially impacted by variations in the length of assay intervals. Assay data were capped to 40% Zn before compositing. Analyses of the grade of residual length composites (<3.0 m) that occur at the end of holes or domain

107 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

boundaries showed there to be no impact on the estimates from these intervals. Un-sampled intervals were composited using nil grades. Composites for Pb (%), Ag (ppm) and uncut Zn (%), were all created but these are not reported as they do not contribute to the Mineral Resource estimates.

As the collars elevations did not exactly match the topographic surface, and to ensure all samples were correctly flagged for grade interpolation, the intervals for all informing drill holes and surface samples were checked by intersecting the wireframes with the holes and surface samples. The starting and ending points for composited intervals were then manually verified and corrected for instances where the wireframes did not exactly correspond with the hole collars or for holes where the last composite was not correctly determined from the wireframe intercept. The latter case occurred in rare instances where there were very closely spaced samples in adjacent holes that did not allow snapping of the wireframe to both assay intervals in a logical manner.

Table 35 shows summary statistics for capped zinc composites from all sample types in the wireframes for the various zones. Wireframes were developed to model metre-scale and larger zones of very low grade gossan that occurs in the Mina Grandé Sur and Mina Grandé Centro zones. The gossan domains were subsequently interpolated using the composites within the Gossan wireframe as listed in Table 35. However, there were no blocks within the Gossan wireframe with interpolated grades above the cut-off grade used for reporting the mineral resource estimates.

TABLE 35 SUMMARY STATISTICS FOR ZINC COMPOSITES (CAPPED*) IN WIREFRAMES, BONGARÁ ZINC MINE PROJECT
*A top cut of 40% Zn was applied to assays above 40% Zn before compositing.

108 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The slightly lower mean grades and standard deviations of the composites relative to the assays reflect:

the impact of including un-sampled intervals;

the lessened influence of short, high grade assay intervals; and

the reduced grades of the capped assays over 40% Zn.

14.5.4 VARIOGRAPHY

Downhole variograms, analysed using both assay and composite data, indicated a nugget effect (“Co”) at 0.10 to 0.20. The results from variogram analyses for composites of Zn in the different zones on the Bongará property are given in Table 36. The variogram analyses presented below were done on composited intervals within the wireframes used for estimation. All variogram parameters reported are normalised, with the total variance summing to 1.0.

The variograms were all modelled as being isotropic with a nugget effect component and one or more spherical structure components. None of the variograms displayed any significant anisotropy. This is considered to be a function of substantial oxidation and remobilisation of metals on a metre to decimetre scale which has obscured or obliterated any zoning of the deposit that may have present at the time of the original mineralization.

TABLE 36 VARIOGRAM PARAMETERS BY MINERALIZED ZONE
*All the structures for C1 and C2 used a spherical model.

The same modelled parameters for the variograms were chosen for grade interpolations of Mina Grandé Sur and Mina Grandé Centro due to the reasonably similar nature of the data.

109 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The range of the modelled variograms for these areas are slightly less than elsewhere, and there is more erratic difference in short range variance, perhaps due to the influence of gossan. Although the data were less definitive for the Gossan wireframe, the parameters for the enclosing Mina Grandé Sur and Mina Grandé Centro wireframes were chosen to interpolate these data. The data for the Gossan wireframe are characterised by fewer sets of data pairs, and this combined with the long distances between samples may account for the more erratic nature of these data. The variograms for the Gossan wireframe define a very irregular increase of variance with increasing distance. There is no evidence of vertical zoning due to weathering apparent in the data for the Gossan, Mina Grandé Sur or Mina Grandé Centro wireframes.

Mina Grandé Norté showed evidence of slightly longer ranges, perhaps due to less gossan overprinting the well developed zinc oxide mineralization.

The variograms for Mina Chica were peculiar in that they indicated more variance over ranges up to 10 m than were seen in downhole variograms or oriented variograms with wide search windows. The overall ranges for the Mina Chica data are similar to those for Mina Grandé Centro.

The variogram developed for Mina Chica was applied to Bongarita due to the similarities of those data, however the variograms for Bongarita are more erratic due in part to much less data being available. Appendix 3 contains plots of variograms for each zone.

14.6 ESTIMATION APPROACH FOR ALL ZONES

14.6.1 COMPOSITES

Capped assay data were composited into 3.0 m run-length intervals, roughly corresponding to 50% of the dimensions used for blocks in the block model. All un-assayed intervals were assigned a grade of zero, including any unsampled intervals at the top of hole, and any unsampled intervals at the bottom of holes. Composites were assigned a domain code according to the wireframe in which the centre of the composite lies.

Composites were constrained to intervals within the modelled wireframes. The data were checked to ensure composited intervals for the beginning of holes with collars slightly above or below the topographic surface were correct. In addition, the composited intervals were checked to verify holes that did not intersect the lower limit of the wireframes, or to ensure the last composite intervals in holes were valid in cases where wireframes had not been

110 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

snapped to assay intervals due to inconsistencies of zinc mineralization relative to nearby holes. Residual composites with lengths of less than 3.0 m at the end of drill holes were permitted as they did not have grades that were different than the average composite grades.

Composites were flagged by drill hole number and sample type to allow filtering. Only composites from diamond drilling were used for defining Indicated Mineral Resources.
BLOCK MODEL DOMAIN CODES

The following codes were assigned to domains within the various block models (Table 37). Block model rock types and bulk densities were assigned according to the wireframe they were in. All blocks above the topographic surface were assigned the code for “Air” and those blocks below were initially assigned the code for “Limestone” (waste). Blocks within the wireframes for each zone were then populated according to the wireframe. There were no overlaps or gaps between any of the wireframes or the topographic surface. In order for a block to be assigned a code other than Air or Waste, a wireframe had to occupy at least 50% of the block by volume.

TABLE 37 BLOCK MODEL CODES AND BULK DENSITIES BY ROCK TYPE
Block model estimations were done separately as different GEMS projects and rock codes were done individually for each zone ensuring there is no issue with duplicate codes.

111 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

ESTIMATION APPROACH – MINA GRANDÉ SUR, MINA GRANDÉ CENTRO AND GOSSAN ZONES

Block Model Configuration

Table 38 describes the block model configuration. The vertical and horizontal dimensions covered by the block model reflect the extent of regular diamond drilling and surface sampling in these zones. The block model setup for Mina Grandé Sur, Mina Grandé Centro and Gossan Zones are all contained in the area defined in the table below but each was modelled and interpolated individually.

TABLE 38 MINA GRANDÉ SUR, MINA GRANDÉ CENTRO AND GOSSAN ZONES BLOCK MODEL CONFIGURATION
Interpolation Using the 5% Zn Wireframe

The grade interpolation used the values as described previously from the composited sample data. The distribution of metals is not uniform in any of these three zones. The wireframes interpreted from using Zn% values from assays and lithological units was therefore developed to use as grade shells to constrain the mineral resource estimates. The 5% Zn value was applied with the assumption that the cut-off value for the resources would be approximately twice the value used for the shell. This was judged to be the best approach for developing a means of constraining the resources due to the very irregular distribution of metal, and the lack of a clear grade or geologically defined outer border to the mineralization that could be used as a hard boundary to constrain the resources. Figure 14 shows the wireframes for Mina Grandé Sur, Mina Grandé Centro and Mina Grandé Norté in plan view.

The Gossan wireframe was used to differentiate areas where there is very low-grade zinc mineralization internal to both the Mina Grandé Sur and Mina Grandé Norté wireframes. These areas are characterised by drill holes that are either very poorly mineralized or unmineralized over several metres, and where there are multiple drill holes that define areas that display spatial continuity of very low-grade mineralization. The grades from the intervals

112 -

ion ZINC Bongara Plan Mina Grandé

N

0

50

Metres

Figure 14.

ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.

Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru Plan View showing Wireframes for Mina Grandé Sur, Mina Grandé Centro and Mina Grandé Norte

250

L a s t

Z O R B O N

r e v s o n

YOZ / |

i

i

/

Z O R _ 1 4 _ P a n _ V e w _ s h o w n g _ W

d a t e :

T h u r s d a y

l

2 7 F e b r u a r y

i

i

2 0 1 9

i r e f r a m e s _ G r a n d é _ S u r _ C e n t r o _ N o r t e . c d r

SOWIE

APO" eHON

pur suff ‘SDA %

PUI

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

in these holes average 2% Zn (Table 35) and the Gossan wireframe constitutes volumes that therefore represent internal dilution within the hosting wireframes. The boundary between the Gossan and its hosting wireframes is modelled as a hard boundary, however it is very irregular. Figure 15 depicts the Gossan wireframe as a green line nested inside the Mina Grandé Centro wireframe (red).

The grade interpolation for the Gossan and other zones utilised only composites from within their respective wireframes to populate the block model. This prevented smearing of grades between the blocks in each wireframe, but also resulted in instances where even though drill holes may have been closely spaced, there were fewer composites available within the search radius of a block. In these instances the reduction of available samples in the search radius results in a reduction in the tonnage of resources being classified as Indicated Mineral Resources.
Grade Estimation Parameters

For all the blocks within the three Mina Grandé zones, grades were estimated using ordinary kriging (“OK”) methods. A minimum of 6 composites were needed within the search ellipsoid for a block in order for that block to be included in the Indicated Mineral Resources. Additionally, a block needed to have composites present within the search range in at least three different octants with a maximum of five composites per octant to be classified as Indicated to limit the impact due to clustering of sample data. Further, composites had to be available from a minimum to two drill holes in order for a block to be classified as Indicated. The distinction between Indicated Mineral Resources and Inferred Mineral Resources is explained further as follows.

Estimation Parameters for Indicated Mineral Resources

The following search parameters were used for the estimation of Indicated Mineral Resources in all of the three zones:

• Minimum # of composites: 6

• Maximum # of composites:

24

• Minimum # of holes: 2

• Minimum # of octants with data:

3

• Maximum # of composites per octant:

5

114 -

0  4  20  Metres

Figure 15.

000000 10000 5.00000 70.00000 20,00000 30,00000 40.00000 1.00000 5.00000 10,00000 2000000 3.00000 40,00000 33.00000 i AGe 127127127 m rcso0ss DAGa a5 0 @ Age 651730 GD AGS 255 104 2 @ Rag 500 @ AGS 750130

Vertical section looking north-east. Drillhole traces showing assays of Zn%. Mina Grandé Centro wireframe in red, Gossan wireframe in green. 20m spacing on grid lines.

Legend for Zn grades; drillholes and blocks: Blue - 0.1 to 5% Zn Yellow - 5 to10% Zn Orange - 10 to 30% Zn Red - >30% Zn

ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.

Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru Vertical Section 10SE Showing Wireframes for Gossan and Mina Grandé Centro

L a s t

Z O R B O N

r e v s o n

i

i

/

/

Z O R _ 1 5 _ V S e c t i o n _ 1 0 S E _ s h o w n g _ W

d a t e :

T h u r s d a y

|

2 7 F e b r u a r y

2 0 1 9

i

i r e f r a m e s _ G o s s a n _ M n a _ G r a n d é _ C e n t r o . c d r
i

sporoqueg” epueig”

pur suff ‘SDA %

PUI

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

As the location, sampling protocol and QA/QC for the BO series and Zinc One drilling were validated by WGM’s Qualified Person, those data were used to inform blocks with Indicated Mineral Resources. Composites were filtered by codes to indicate sample type and the domain in which they were located.

The search ellipsoids used were isotropic with ranges of 20 m and were based on the spatial continuity shown by the experimental variograms (see Table 36). The search ellipse for the Gossan domain which was extended 5 m to match that of the search for the other domains, however this had no impact on the resource estimates as there are no indicated or inferred resources reported for that domain. The average distance of samples for blocks classified as indicated for Mina Grandé Sur was 12.2 m and for Mina Grandé Centro it was 12.8 m.

Estimation Parameters for Inferred Mineral Resources

If a block did not have enough composites within the search radius to be classified as Indicated Mineral Resources, a second interpolation was made to estimate Inferred Mineral Resources using an increased search ellipsoid with a range of 30 m for interpolation. Drilling and surface samples were used to support the estimation of Inferred Mineral Resources. Approximately 94% of the blocks in these zones meet the criteria to allow them to be classified as Indicated or Inferred Mineral Resources, however there are peripheral areas in the block model with insufficient samples to support resource estimates.

Results

Tables 39 and 40 list the resources for the Mina Grandé Sur and Mina Grandé Centro Zones. There are no estimates for the Gossan Zone presented as the grade was too low to be considered for inclusion in the resource estimates. A cut-off grade of 10% Zn was used for the estimates.

TABLE 39 MINA GRANDÉ SUR – CAPPED* MINERAL RESOURCES
*A top cut of 40% Zn was applied to assays above 40% Zn before compositing.

116 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 40 MINA GRANDÉ CENTRO – CAPPED* MINERAL RESOURCES
*A top cut of 40% Zn was applied to assays above 40% Zn before compositing.

ESTIMATION APPROACH – MINA GRANDÉ NORTÉ

Block Model Configuration

Table 41 describes the block model configuration used for Mina Grandé Norté. The vertical and horizontal dimensions covered by the block model reflect the extent of regular diamond drilling and surface sampling in the Mina Grandé Norté Zone. The block model for Mina Grandé is contained in the area defined in the table below.

TABLE 41 MINA GRANDÉ NORTÉ ZONE BLOCK MODEL CONFIGURATION
Interpolation Using the 5% Zn Wireframe

The grade interpolation used the values as described previously from the composited sample data. The distribution of zinc is more uniform at Mina Grandé Norté than in Mina Grandé Sur or Mina Grandé Centro as there is no significant development of low-grade gossan overprinting the zinc mineralization. However, in common with the other zones of zinc mineralization, there is also a very irregular distribution of metal and the lack of a clear grade or geological border to serve as a well defined outer limit to the mineralization that could easily be used as a hard boundary to constrain the Mineral Resources. Therefore the 5% Zn value in assays, in conjunction with the logged lithological units, were used with the

117 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

assumption that the cut-off value for the resources would be approximately twice the value used for the shell. The areas to the north and east of Mina Grandé Centro have not been sampled by drilling and are therefore the limits of mineralization in these areas are not entirely clear, especially at depth. Zinc One has indicated that a significant drilling program has been planned to explore for additional mineralization and better define mineralization in these areas. The area to the immediate west was previously mined.

Grade Estimation Parameters

For all the blocks within the Mina Grandé Norté wireframe, grades were estimated using ordinary kriging (“OK”) methods. A minimum of 6 composites were needed within the search ellipsoid for a block in order for that block to be included in the Indicated Mineral Resources. Additionally, a block needed to have composites present within the search range in at least three different octants with a maximum of five composites per octant to be classified as Indicated to limit the impact due to clustering of sample data. Further, composites had to be available from a minimum to two drill holes in order for a block to be classified as Indicated Mineral Resources. Details concerning the classifications of Mineral Resources follow.

Estimation Parameters for Indicated Resources

The following search parameters were used for the estimation of Indicated Resources in the Mina Grandé Norté zone:

• Minimum # of composites: 6

• Maximum # of composites:

24

• Minimum # of holes: 2

• Minimum # of octants with data:

3

• Maximum # of composites per octant:

5

As the location, sampling protocol and QA/QC for the BO series as well as Zinc One drilling were validated by a WGM Qualified Person, these data were used to inform blocks classified as Indicated Mineral Resources. Composites were filtered by codes to indicate sample type and the domain in which they were located. There were considerably fewer drill holes relative to surface sampling in this area which in part accounts for a relatively lower tonnage of Indicated Resources relative to Inferred Resources.

118 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The search ellipsoids were based on the spatial continuity shown by the experimental variograms (see Table 36). The search ellipsoids used were isotropic with ranges of 25 m. The average distance of samples for blocks classified as indicated was 15.2 m.

Estimation Parameters for Inferred Resources

If a block did not have enough composites within the search radius to be classified as an Indicated Resource, a second interpolation was made to estimate Inferred Resources using an increased search ellipsoid with a range of 35 m. In this case, surface sample data was used with drill hole data to inform and support the estimate of Inferred Resources. Approximately 96% of the blocks in the Mina Grandé Norté wireframe met the criteria to allow them to be classified as Indicated or Inferred Mineral Resources.
Results

Table 42 lists the Mineral Resources for the Mina Grandé Norté Zone. A cut-off grade of 10% Zn was used for the estimates.

TABLE 42 MINA GRANDÉ NORTÉ – CAPPED* MINERAL RESOURCES
*A top cut of 40% Zn was applied to assays above 40% Zn before compositing.

ESTIMATION APPROACH – MINA CHICA

Block Model Configuration

The block model configuration used for Mina Chica resource estimation is given in Table 43. The vertical and horizontal dimensions covered by the block model reflect the extent of regular diamond drilling and surface sampling in the Mina Chica Zone. The block model for Mina Chica is contained in the area defined in the table below.

119 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 43 MINA CHICA ZONE BLOCK MODEL CONFIGURATION
Interpolation Using the 5% Zn Wireframe

The grade interpolation used the values as described previously from the composited sample data. All of the diamond drilling in Mina Chica was undertaken by Zinc One and in general it is more evenly spaced and systematic than the drilling carried out elsewhere. There is no apparent development of low-grade gossan overprinting the zinc mineralization. However, in common with the other zones of zinc mineralization, there is also a very irregular distribution of metal content and the lack of a clear grade or geological border outer controlling the mineralization that could easily be used as a hard boundary to constrain the mineral resources. The lower boundary and eastern limit of the Mina Chica zone is marked by a regional thrust fault that strikes north-northwest and dips shallowly to the southwest. Further, there are numerous sub-vertical faults that cut the zone and appear to have had horizontal and vertical displacements of several metres or more along them.

The geometry of the mineralized zone, as a series of adjacent fault-bounded blocks, was deduced using the interpreted faults to better define the limits of the zinc mineralization. Statistical analyses showed there to be no significant differences in zinc mineralization between these blocks. As the exact location of the faults was uncertain, they were not used as hard boundaries limiting interpolation. Figure 16 is a 3D view showing the Mina Chica constraining wireframe with the four interpreted fault blocks depicted with different colours.

The 5% Zn value in assays, in conjunction with lithological units where logged, were used with the assumption that the cut-off value for the resources would be approximately twice the value used for the shell. This approach is consistent with that used for the Mina Grandé zones. The areas to the north and northwest of Mina Chica have not been sampled by drilling, and therefore the limits of mineralization are not entirely clear in this area. The area to the north and west of drill hole MCH-18-035 is particularly interesting as this is the last hole drilled in that area and it contains in excess of 20% zinc over a 30 metre interval from 29.8 m to 59.8 m.

120 -

L a s t
Z O R B O N

L a s t     r e v s o n  i  i     d a t e :     T h u r s d a y     2 7 F e b r u a r y        2 0 1 9  Figure 16.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru 3D View Showing Fault Bounded Wireframes for Mina Chica

r e v s o n

i

i

/

Z O R _ 1 6 _ 3 D V e w S h o w n g _ F a u l t _ B o u n d e d _ W

d a t e :

T h u r s d a y

i

2 7 F e b r u a r y

i

2 0 1 9

i r e f r a m e s _ M n a _ C h c a . c d r

i

i

pur suff ‘SDA %

MeIAGE YOZ/NOG

PUI

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Grade Estimation Parameters

For all the blocks within the Mina Chica wireframe, grades were estimated using ordinary kriging (“OK”) methods. A minimum of 6 composites were needed within the search ellipsoid for a block in order for that block to be included in the Indicated Mineral Resources. Additionally, a block needed to have composites present within the search range in at least three different octants with a maximum of five composites per octant to be classified as Indicated and in order to limit the impact due to clustering of sample data. Further, composites had to be available from a minimum to two drill holes in order for a block to be classified as Indicated Resources. Details concerning the classification of Mineral Resources follow below.

Estimation Parameters for Indicated Resources

The following search parameters were used for the estimation of Indicated Resources in the Mina Chica zone:

• Minimum # of composites: 6

• Maximum # of composites: 24

• Minimum # of holes: 2

• Minimum # of octants with data:

3

• Maximum # of composites per octant:

5

As the location, sampling protocol and QA/QC for the Zinc One drilling were validated by a WGM Qualified Person, these data were used to inform blocks with Indicated Resources. Composites were filtered by codes to indicate sample type and the domain in which each were located. The regular pattern of closely spaced drilling in the Mina Chica area results in a higher tonnage of Indicated Resources relative to Inferred Resources compared to some other zones. Composites were filtered by lithology codes to indicate sample type and the domain in which they were located.

The search ellipsoids were based on the spatial continuity shown by the experimental variograms (Table 36). The search ellipsoids used were isotropic with ranges of 25 m. The average distance of samples for blocks classified as Indicated Resources was 14.5 m.

122 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Estimation Parameters for Inferred Resources

If a block did not have enough composites within the search radius to be classified as a Indicated Resource, a second interpolation was made to estimate Inferred Resources using an increased search ellipsoid with a range of 35 m. Analytical data from surface samples was used with data from diamond drilling to inform and support the estimation and classification of Inferred Resources. Approximately 68% of the blocks in the Mina Chica wireframe met the criteria to allow them to be classified as Indicated or Inferred Mineral Resources. This is a reflection of the considerable volume to the northwest of drill hole MCH-18-035 that was modelled as potentially mineralized, but has only widely spaced sampling insufficient to support a resource classification.
Results

The classified Mineral Resource estimates for the Mina Chica Zone are presented in Table 44. A cut-off grade of 10% Zn was used for the estimates.

TABLE 44 MINA CHICA – CAPPED* MINERAL RESOURCES
*A top cut of 40% Zn was applied to assays above 40% Zn before compositing.

14.6.6 ESTIMATION APPROACH – BONGARITA

Block Model Configuration

The block model configuration used for the Bongarita zone is given in Table 45. The vertical and horizontal dimensions covered by the block model reflect the extent of regular diamond drilling and surface sampling in the Bongarita Zone. The block model for Bongarita is contained in the area defined in the table below.

123 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 45 BONGARITA ZONE BLOCK MODEL CONFIGURATION
Interpolation Using the 5% Zn Wireframe

The grade interpolation used the values as described previously from the composited sample data. Like in the Mina Chica area, all of the diamond drilling in the Bongarita area was undertaken by Zinc One, and it is generally more evenly spaced and systematic than the drilling elsewhere. There is no apparent development of gossan overprinting the zinc mineralization. The mineralization is slightly different here in the drill core and hand specimens in that it is very highly weathered, fine grained and resembles a residual soil. It is thought to be a highly decomposed carbonate rock. There is an irregular distribution of metal at Bongarita, which is in common with the other areas. Figure 17 is a plan view showing the Bongarita wireframe west of the larger consolidated Mina Chica wireframe.

As with the other zones, the 5% Zn value in assays, in conjunction with lithological units where logged, were used with the assumption that the cut-off value for the Mineral Resources would be approximately twice the value used for the shell.

Grade Estimation Parameters

For all the blocks within the Bongarita wireframe grades were estimated using ordinary kriging (“OK”) methods. A minimum of 6 composites were needed within the search ellipsoid for a block in order for that block to be included in the Indicated Resources. Additionally, a block needed to have composites present within the search range in at least three different octants with a maximum of five composites per octant to be classified as Indicated to limit the impact due to clustering of sample data. Further, composites had to be available from a minimum to two drill holes in order for a block to be classified as an Indicated Resource. Details concerning the classification of Mineral Resources follows.

124 -

N  Mina Chica  0  20  100  Metres  Bongarita  Figure 17.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.

Bongarita and Mina Chica

L a s t

r e v s o n

i

i

Z O R B O N

/

Z O R _ 1 6 _ 3 D V e w S h o w n g _ F a u l t _ B o u n d e d _ W

d a t e :

T h u r s d a y

|
i

2 7 F e b r u a r y

i

2 0 1 9

i r e f r a m e s _ M n a _ C h c a . c d r

eu

i

i

pur suff ‘SDA %

PUI

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Estimation Parameters for Indicated Resources

The following search parameters were used for the estimation of Indicated Resources in the Bongarita zone:

• Minimum # of composites: 6

• Maximum # of composites: 24

• Minimum # of holes: 2

• Minimum # of octants with data:

3

• Maximum # of composites per octant:

5

As the location, sampling protocol and QA/QC for the Zinc One drilling were validated by a WGM Qualified Person, those data were used to inform blocks with Indicated Resources. Composites were filtered by codes to indicate sample type and the domain in which they were located. Compared to the Mina Grandé zones, the more regular pattern of closely spaced drilling at Bongarita results in a higher percentage of the total resource being classified as Indicated Resources relative to Inferred Resources.

The search ellipsoids were based on the spatial continuity shown by the experimental variograms (see Table 36). The search ellipsoids used were isotropic with ranges of 25 m. The average distance of samples for blocks classified as indicated was 15.5 m.

Estimation Parameters for Inferred Resources

If a block did not have enough composites within the search radius to be classified as an Indicated Resource, a second interpolation was made to estimate Inferred Resources using an increased search ellipsoid with a range of 35 m. Whereas Indicated Resources were informed only by drill hole data, both surface sample data and drill hole data were used to inform and support the estimation of Inferred Mineral Resources.

All of the blocks in the Bongarita wireframe met the criteria to allow them to be classified as Indicated or Inferred Resources. However it is worth noting that due to the very thin vertical thickness of the mineralization, there is a thin veneer of mineralization (less than 2.5 m thick), that extends on surface outside the wireframe model limits and was not included in this estimate.

126 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
Results

The classified Mineral Resources for the Bongarita zone are presented in Table 46. A cut-off grade of 10% Zn was used for the estimates.

TABLE 46 BONGARITA – CAPPED* MINERAL RESOURCES
*A top cut of 40% Zn was applied to assays above 40% Zn before compositing.

14.7 CUT-OFF GRADE

A cut-off grade of 10% Zn was used for the estimates for all zones. This reflects a three-year average price for Zn of US $1.20/lb (https://economics.bmocapitalmarkets.com). This cut-off was selected for the purpose of examining the size of a higher grading zinc resource. There are no current metallurgical studies for the Bongará zinc mine property and WGM makes no assumptions with respect to recovery of zinc for the Mineral Resource estimates.

14.8 CLASSIFICATION

CIM Definitions

The classification of the Mineral Resources in this report conforms to the CIM Definitions and Standards for the classification of Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve estimates as adopted by CIM Council on May 10, 2014 and as incorporated in Canada’s security rule National Instrument 43-101 (“NI 43-101”).

The classification of blocks was checked manually and isolated blocks, or small groups of isolated blocks, were reclassified to prevent inconsistent variations in localised classification.

127 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

14.9 SUMMARY OF MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATES

For the sake of clarity, the Mineral Resources for all Bongará deposits as of January, 2019 is summarized as follows in Tables 47 and 48.

TABLE 47 INDICATED MINERAL RESOURCES, BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT as of January, 2019 – 10% Zn Cut-Off
TABLE 48 INFERRED MINERAL RESOURCES, BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT as of January, 2019 – 10% Zn Cut-Off
Notes: 1. Resources were estimated using composites within constrained block models with block dimensions of 5x5x5m and using ordinary

kriging grade interpolation methods.

2. Top cuts at a grade of 40% Zn were applied to Zn grades of assays before compositing. A cut-off grade of 10% Zn was applied which incorporates 3 year average metal prices and approximates the cut-off used during past mining operations. Zn% grades can be converted by applying a conversion factor of 22.046 pounds per Zn% to obtain lbs of Zn per metric tonne.

3. A Bulk Density of 1.90 was applied using the geological block model density field. 4. Mineral Resources that are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. The estimate of mineral resources may be materially affected by commodity prices, environmental, permitting, legal, title, socio-political, marketing, or other relevant issues; 5. The quantity and grade of estimated Inferred Mineral Resources is uncertain in nature as there has been insufficient exploration to define these resources as an Indicated or Measured Mineral Resource, and it is uncertain if further exploration will result in up-grading the confidence level of Inferred Resources.

6. The Mineral Resources were estimated using the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (“CIM”) Standards on Mineral Resources and Reserves, Definitions and Guidelines prepared by the CIM Standing Committee on Reserve Definitions and adopted by CIM Council May 10, 2014. Figures may not total due to rounding.

128 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

14.10 CHECKS OF RESOURCE ESTIMATES

14.10.1 ESTIMATION METHOD

As a means of validating the results of WGM’s estimates, estimates were also done for uncut composites and using alternative methods (inverse distance squared (ID2) and nearest neighbour) interpolations for all zones. All the alternative interpolations matched well with the Mineral Resources reported. The volumes derived from the block model estimates are consistent with the independently derived volumes for the constraining wireframes.
14.10.2 SAMPLE GRADES AND BLOCK MODEL INTERPOLATED GRADES

Table 49 shows a compilation comparing composite grades to estimated blocks for all blocks (with no cut-off grade). The overall comparison is good. The slightly lower average sample grade and slightly lower average block grade for Inferred Resource blocks, relative to the average grade of Indicated Resource blocks is a reflection of lower grade material in less well drilled areas on the periphery of the constrained domains as the limits of the wireframes which were modelled at a 5% Zn cut-off grade. The central, more densely drilled areas of the domains is generally characterised by better than average grades in drill holes.

TABLE 49 BLOCK GRADES RELATIVE TO SAMPLE GRADES
14.10.3 VISUAL INSPECTION ON CROSS-SECTIONS AND PLANS

All of the block models were inspected on cross-sections and level plans. The distribution of the better grade blocks matches very well in terms of location, shape and grade with that of the composites in drill holes. Figure 18 is a plan view showing the grades of 3 m composites in drill holes and the estimated block grades for the 2180 m elevation of the Mina Chica Zone.

129 -

Figure 18.  ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.  Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru Plan View Mina Chica Block Model and Drillhole Composites - 2180 El.  N  0  4  24  Metres  Legend for Zn grades; drillholes and blocks:  Blue - 0.1 to 5% Zn Yellow - 5 to10% Zn Orange - 10 to 30% Zn Red - >30% Zn     r e v s o n  i  i     d a t e :     T h u r s d a y     2 7 F e b r u a r y        2 0 1 9        /     Z O R _ 1 8 _ P a n _ V e w _ M n a _ C h c a _ B o c k _ M o d e _ 2 1 8 0 E  l  i  i  i  l  l  l . c d r

Figure 18.

ZINC ONE RESOURCES INC.

Bongará Zinc Project Bongara Province, Amazonas Department, Peru Plan View Mina Chica Block Model and Drillhole Composites - 2180 El.

N

0

4

24

Metres

Legend for Zn grades; drillholes and blocks:

Blue - 0.1 to 5% Zn Yellow - 5 to10% Zn Orange - 10 to 30% Zn Red - >30% Zn

oo thon 5.00000 20,00000 30,00000 (Ace tp zz mncsooss DB Ace a5 250 @ Aga 51730 GAGS 255 104 22 @ Ace oso AGS 501%

L a s t

r e v s o n

i

i

d a t e :

T h u r s d a y

2 7 F e b r u a r y

2 0 1 9

Z O R B O N

/

Z O R _ 1 8 _ P a n _ V e w _ M n a _ C h c a _ B o c k _ M o d e _ 2 1 8 0 E

l

i

i

i

l

l

l . c d r

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

14.11 SENSITIVITY STUDIES

14.11.1 EFFECT OF CUT-OFF GRADE ON INDICATED AND INFERRED RESOURCE ESTIMATES

The 2019 Indicated and Inferred Resource estimates for the five individual zones and for the consolidated zones for the property are summarized in Table 47 and 48. Tables 50 through 53 summarize the grade and tonnage of the classified Indicated and Inferred Resources for cut- offs other than the 10% Zn cut-off selected for comparative reporting. Appendix 4 contains grade-tonnage plots for all zones.
TABLE 50 INDICATED MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT Using a 5% Zn Cut-Off Grade
*A top cut of 40% Zn was applied to assays above 40% Zn before compositing.

TABLE 51 INFERRED MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT Using a 5% Zn Cut-Off Grade
*A top cut of 40% Zn was applied to assays above 40% Zn before compositing.

131 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 52 INDICATED MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT Using a 15% Zn Cut-Off Grade
*A top cut of 40% Zn was applied to assays above 40% Zn before compositing.

TABLE 53 INFERRED MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT Using a 15% Zn Cut-Off Grade
*A top cut of 40% Zn was applied to assays above 40% Zn before compositing.

In summary and in comparison with the base case using a 10% zinc cut-off grade, a decrease in the cut-off grade to 5% Zn results in an increase in the total Indicated Resources from 822,000 tonnes averaging 18.9% Zn to 1.11 Mt averaging 15.9% Zn. A similar increase occurs in the Inferred Resources from 1.34 Mt averaging 16.8% Zn to 1.85 Mt averaging 14.4% Zn. These increases in the Indicated and Inferred Resources are equal to increases in the contained zinc metal of 14% and 17.5%, respectively.

132 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

In comparison with the base case using a 10% zinc cut-off grade, an increase in the cut-off grade to 15% Zn results in a decrease in the total Indicated Resources from 822,000 tonnes averaging 18.9% Zn to 549,000 tonnes averaging 22% Zn. A similar decrease occurs in the Inferred Resources from 1.34 Mt averaging 16.8% Zn to 752,000 tonnes averaging 20.1% Zn. These decreases in the Indicated and Inferred Resources are equal to decreases in the contained zinc metal of 22% and 33%, respectively.

14.12 RECONCILIATION

14.12.1 HISTORICAL PRODUCTION

Section 6.2 provides additional detail on past production. Mine reconciliation tables for 2007 indicate that 146,449 tonnes of ore grading 19.3% Zn were mined at Mina Grandé. During the first month of 2008, an additional 750 tonnes of ore grading 21.9% Zn was mined before production ceased. WGM had insufficient data to permit a meaningful reconciliation regarding past production, but notes that the average grade of the current resource estimates approximates the grade of the areas previously mined.

14.13 DISCUSSION ON OTHER MATERIAL FACTORS

The reader is referred to the other sections of this Technical Report for information regarding the extent to which the Mineral Resource estimates could be materially affected by any known environmental, permitting, legal, title, taxation, socio-economic, marketing, political or other relevant factors. Recovery of the metals reported, metal prices and the impact of other economic factors required to convert the Mineral Resources to Mineral Reserves may potentially impact the current resources. However, the author of this section is of the opinion that the Mineral Resources reported are consistent with the 2014 CIM definitions, viz. “A Mineral Resource is an inventory of mineralization that under realistically assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions might become economically extractable”.

133 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
15. MINERAL RESERVE ESTIMATES

There are currently no Mineral Resource or Mineral Reserve estimates for the Property that are compliant with CIM Standards and Definitions as referenced in NI 43-101.

16. MINING METHODS

As of the date of this report, no engineering work has been carried out on the Bongará deposits at Mina Grandé and Mina Chica to ascertain an optimum mining technique. Given that the deposits are at or very near surface, open pit / open cut mining is envisioned.

17. RECOVERY METHODS

At this time, no new metallurgical studies have been carried out relating to evaluating ore beneficiation and metal recovery options. Evidence suggests that an approach centred on the use of a Waelz kiln may offer the most cost-effective alternative as well as offering potentially the highest zinc recoveries.

18. PROJECT INFRASTRUCTURE

Road access to the Mina Grandé pits and the area drilled is well established by un-improved roads that are muddy during the rainy season and best travelled using 4-wheel drive vehicles, however access beyond this area is limited to walking trails. No recent investment in infrastructure has been made. Electricity is generated on-site with a diesel generator. Water is delivered to the site by tanker truck.

19. MARKET STUDIES AND CONTRACTS

No market studies have been carried out by the owners to determine the future salability of zinc or related metals from the Property. No contracts relating to the sale of zinc as calcined ore or more refined products have been entered into by Zinc One.

134 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
20. ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES, PERMITTING AND SOCIAL OR COMMUNITY IMPACT

Zinc One has maintained the Environmental Impact Assessment (“EIA”) granted in 2007 to the operator at the time, Corianta. Over the years that followed, periodic environmental monitoring was carried out and when Forrester acquired the concessions in 2018, the monitoring program has included monthly sampling of water at specified points as well as quarterly sampling of air and noise.

In August 2018, the Ministry of Energy and Mining approved Forrester’s request to suspend the Mine Closure that was initiated when previous mining operations were suspended. Within a few months, Forrester posted a cash bond in the amount of approximately US$1.7M; this bond was reduced to approximately US$1.25M in October, 2018.

Subsequently, and with a signed community agreement, the 2018 drilling program was permitted under a Technical Sustaining Report (“ITS”). The purpose of this drilling was to demonstrate that there remained sufficient reserves to re-initiate mining. This permit was granted within the approved second modification of the Mine Closure plan. The Company has recently applied for an extension to the end of 2020 by submitting the third modification of the Mine Closure plan given that the resource estimate discussed herein was recently completed. Once approved, the Company can start the sampling to modify the EIA in order to sample and apply for a mine permit.

A semi-detailed EIA is presently being carried out for the continuing exploration work that will allow Zinc One to carry out exploration in areas that have not yet been disturbed. An additional 364 platforms to drill 584 holes are planned; the application is in the final stages of review at this writing. Having satisfied all regulatory requirements in the past, there are no known reasons why approval of Zinc One’s work program should not be expected.

Zinc One signed a community agreement in July, 2017 and maintains the services of a community engagement representative to ensure that lines of communication are maintained with local villagers. the responsibility for corporate social responsibility is managed directly by Mrs. Silvia Dedios who is the general manager in Peru for Zinc One. The company also has a renewable agreement with the local community for a 5-year period (2017 to 2022) allowing the company access to the land for mineral exploration work.

135 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
21. CAPITAL AND OPERATING COSTS

No recent studies have been made of capital and operating costs to develop a mine on the Bongará concession.

22. ECONOMIC ANALYSIS

No current economic viability studies have been carried out on the Bongará concession.

23. ADJACENT PROPERTIES

23.1 INTRODUCTION

Under NI 43-101 and in the context of this report, an “Adjacent Property” is a mineral property with a boundary reasonably close to the boundary of the Bongará exploration licences.

23.2 FLORIDA CANYON EXPLORATION PROJECT

The adjacent Florida Canyon exploration property, located 19 km southwest of Mina Grandé, is held by Solitario Exploration and Royalty Corp. (“Solitario”: TSX:SLR; NYSE MKT:XPL) through its wholly owned subsidiary, Votorantim. The Florida Canyon deposit is a Mississippi Valley-type (“MVT”) zinc-lead-silver deposit similar to Bongará. It also is hosted in the carbonate formations of the Pucará Group. However, unlike the Bongará deposit which is hosted in the middle Condorsinga Fm., Florida Canyon is hosted in the lower part of the Chambará Fm. much closer to the base of the Pucará Group. The San José zinc prospect, located about mid-way between Bongará and Florida Canyon is hosted in the mid- upper part of the Chambará Fm., probably indicating potential for zinc mineralization throughout the Chambará and Condorsinga formations.

Florida Canyon is located along a valley at an elevation of 2660 m, about 500 m higher than Bongará. Due to higher rates of erosion, both sulphide and oxide mineralization is found at Florida Canyon, and it seems that as much as 50% of the mineralization remains in sulphides. The mineralization is described as being hosted in a gently folded and faulted carbonate sequence with sulphide mineralization preferentially occurring in dolomitized Chambará

136 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

limestone between the fossiliferous Coquina and Intact Bivalve marker beds. Diagenetic and mineralizing fluids migrated along structures and stratigraphic units with favorable porosity and permeability. The deposit consists of multiple ellipsoid-shaped mineralized bodies that are stacked within a vertical interval of more than 100 metres. Manto zones are 1-9 m thick and occur over an area of about 1 km by 3 km. Unmineralized gaps exist within the mineralized manto zones, as is typical for hydrothermal replacement deposits. Irregular steeply dipping replacement bodies also occur frequently at the intersection of vein-like feeder structures and in karst-controlled mineralization. The deposit has been drilled at depths of up to 450 m below surface. Zinc mineralization occurs as massive sphalerite, locally oxidized to smithsonite and hemimorphite whereas lead occurs as galena that is oxidized to cerussite and anglesite.

Solitario filed a technical report dated June 18, 2014 (prepared by SRK) on the Bongará Project, as Florida Canyon was known at the time, states that the consultants audited the earlier Solitario resource estimate for Florida Canyon. SRK used historical information to develop informed assumptions and technical in-puts for its own 3D block modelling and resource estimate. The project information base comprised drilling programs completed over a 15-year period including:

• 82 drill holes completed by Cominco totalling 24,781.19 m drilled from 1997 to 2000; and,

• 404 drill holes completed by Votorantim including 92,499.15 m of drilling completed from 2006 to 2013.

For estimation purposes, no assay capping was justified and the following specific gravity determinations were assigned to resource blocks:

Oxide Mineralization • Sulphide Mineralization = 2.786 + ( 0.016 * ZN ) + ( 0.037 * PB ) • Mixed Mineralization = 2.685 + ( 0.016 * ZN ) + ( 0.042 * PB )

The SRK mineral resources for the Florida Canyon deposit were classified as follows in Table 54.

137 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 54 SRK 2014 MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE FOR THE FLORIDA CANYON DEPOSIT
The metal price assumptions used by SRK for the calculation of metal equivalent grades were: Zinc (US$/lb 0.95), Lead (US$/lb 0.95) and Silver (US$/oz 20.00)1. Cut-off grade calculations assumed variable metallurgical recoveries as a function of grade and relative metal distribution. Average metallurgical recoveries for sulfide and oxide respectively were: Zinc (93.1%, 73%), Lead (84.8, 0%) and Silver (55.6%, 0%) based on a pyrometallurgical approach to processing oxide-type mineralization. NSR factors for calculating cut-off grades were: ZnEq% = Zn% * 1 + Pb% * 0.74 + Ag g/t * 0.02. The resulting cut-off grades used in this resource statement were 4.1% ZnEq for sulfide, 5.0% ZnEq for oxide, and 4.5% ZnEq for mixed material types.

Based on preliminary metallurgical testwork, it was concluded that the processing of sulfide mineralization (zinc-lead-silver) from Florida Canyon would use conventional flotation to a concentrate. Potential processing scenarios were considered to optimize zinc extraction from oxide-type resources including conventional flotation of zinc in oxide followed by on-site calcining and off-site smelting. Other oxide process options include Heavy Media Separation and on-site leaching of flotation products with solvent extraction to produce zinc cathode on site. The operators planned additional test-work to delineate the most cost-effective processing methods for oxide-type zinc. A site plan has been prepared by Solitario, however low zinc prices in recent years have stalled project development. Capital costs were estimated at $140 million and operating costs are estimated to be in the second quartile of world zinc production costs. Solitario’s current plans, based on a 16 March, 2016 presentation, is to move the project forward with the knowledge that improved zinc markets will feed interest in the project. No specific schedule has been announced for construction to begin or production to commence. It is worth noting that Solitario refers to the project as “Bongará” and not by the name of the deposit as previously reported (“Florida Canyon”).

1 Current prices as of the writing of this report are: US $1.18 / lb Zn; US $0.92 / lb Pb and US $15.72 / oz Ag.

138 -

©} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

WGM has been unable to verify the information on Florida Canyon and the information is not necessarily indicative of the mineralization on the Bongará Project that is subject to this Technical Report.
24. OTHER RELEVANT DATA AND INFORMATION

There is no additional relevant data or information to disclose as of the date of this report.

139 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

25. INTERPRETATION AND CONCLUSIONS

25.1 GEOLOGY

Zinc mineralization in the Bongará area is hosted within the Pucará Basin of western Peru, an elongate trough that extends more than 1,000 km and the entire length of the country along a NNW trend. The basin evolved during the Mesozoic associated with NW-striking sinistral shearing that controlled the development of internal structure, basin depth and facies distributions. The basin is host to a large number of zinc deposits and prospects that conform to the Mississippi Valley-type (“MVT”) model. Badoux et al (2001) relate the mineralization to metal-enriched basinal brines that were expelled from the deeper basin during late Andean orogenesis. These fluids preferentially circulated in permeable zones along bedding planes and brittle fracture/fault conduits, and deposited base metals sulphides in permeable and reactive carbonate host strata. Badoux specifically studied the San Vicente deposit in central Peru, however his fundamental findings are also applicable to the Bongará area.

The Bongará mineralization conforms in most respects to a carbonate-replacement mechanism and the MVT model is seemingly the most appropriate. However, this type of mineralization almost always is located at or near the base of the host limestone formation and yet the mineralization identified to date in the Bongará area is located well above the base of the Pucará Group. Local evidence suggests potential for mineralization at lower levels in the stratigraphic column. Much of this could be in the form of sulphide ore located below the limit of surface weathering (oxidation).

The geological and metallogenic model for the Bongará area is well enunciated in many of the project reports, and supports the potential for additional zinc deposits in the Bongará area, both oxide-type and sulphide-type, near surface and at depth. A wide range of formations are potential hosts including the Condorsinga Fm. in the upper part of the Pucará Group and the Chambará Fm. in its lower part. Mineralization is associated with strong dolomitization of the host rocks.

The nearby Florida Canyon deposit is a significant undeveloped zinc deposit with an initial resource of approximately 2.8 Mt (Measured and Indicated) plus 9.8 Mt (Inferred) with an estimated grade in excess of 12% Zn-equivalent. While there is no guarantee that the Bongará area will exhibit similar mineral potential, it is noteworthy given its proximity and shared geological characteristics, and especially since MVT-type deposits tend to occur in open clusters. Other occurrences in the area, many of which are no more than geochemical anomalies are thus highly prospective exploration targets.

140 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
25.2 EXPLORATION ON THE ZINC ONE CONCESSIONS

With the exception of a historical drilling program carried out during 2011 in the Cristal area, no recent exploration has been completed on the Charlotte Bongará concessions since 2005. Until the recent work by Zinc One that is the subject of this report, no exploration had been carried out on the Bongará concessions since the previous limited mining operation during 2007-08. There is clear evidence for zones of additional mineralization extending to the northwest through Mina Chica and Campo Cielo, and extending at least as far as the Cristal prospects, a distance of as least 7 km. There are also opportunities for additional zones of mineralization to be found at depth. Additional exploration is clearly justified beginning with the major centres of mineralization as noted above.

In the past, the exploration of the Bongará, Mina Chica, Campo Cielo, Cristal and other prospects has relied on surface sampling (stream sediments, soils, rocks) for initial prospecting purposes to identify target areas. In the March 2011 report on Campo Cielo, the authors concluded that the recent exploration work (292 pit samples, 15 channel samples and 69 trench samples) identified the limestone horizon and the dolomitic alteration within it that could be used as a guide to future exploration. The goal of the proposed follow-up work was to extend the mineralized zone on the eastern end of Mina Chica towards Mina Grandé. In the Campo Cielo area, the hosting role of the upper limestone member of the Condorsinga Formation was recognized, a unit that dips 70o NE on the north-eastern flank of the eroded Bongará Anticline. The principle economic minerals were described as smithsonite, hemimorphite and “a complex mixture of zinc oxides”.

The identification of targets for follow-up exploration has been reasonably simple due to the strength of the zinc and lead anomalies detected. Examples include Campo Cielo, Cristal and San José. The follow-up exploration tends to consist of hand-dug pits, usually about one square metre in area, but occasionally much larger (>2x3 m) where deeper surficial cover is present. These pits, and more extensive trenches that have followed on some anomalies, have provided multiple samples over a vertical or horizontal profile, and when closely spaced have allowed the continuity of mineralization in both vertical and horizontal planes to be assessed, even providing for preliminary volumetric calculations of Mineral Resources. It is worth noting that not all anomalies have been attributed to bedrock sources on some of the Charlotte Bongará licenses (eg. at Alto Norté), and additional follow-up geochemical work needs to be done to vector towards the bedrock source.

Following the initial geochemical surveying, including bedrock sampling, some workers have recommended geophysical surveying as a means of isolating targets for drilling. Various surveys have been proposed typically employing a 100 metre line (profile) spacing. The

141 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
surveying under consideration has included magnetic, electromagnetic (“EM”), resistivity- induced polarization (“IP”) and gravity surveying. However, the relatively unresponsive character of non-sulphide zinc-lead mineralization means that the anomalies detected, if any, will be very subtle with the possible exception of gravity anomalies. Given the depth of weathering in the Bongará area, the presence of sulphides within 100 m of surface is unlikely except in river valleys where the rate of erosion is sufficiently high to remove oxidized mineralization. Even here, however, the major ore minerals sphalerite and galena are nonmagnetic and nonpolarizable, and so no not respond well to conventional geophysical techniques. Pyrite, which is ubiquitous in MVT-type deposits does produce excellent IP chargeability anomalies, however no such mineralization has been seen at Bongará. Whether oxide-type or sulphide, larger deposits also produce strong, if localized, gravity anomalies however this surveying technique tends to be very expensive as it requires very precise 3D topographic control. Gravity surveying is rarely a technique of first choice to be applied over a large rugged area.

From a pragmatic perspective, diamond drilling has been the follow-up method of choice for exploring targets based on geochemical anomalies. Given the largely in-situ nature of the anomalies associated with mineralization, definitive geochemical surveys have led directly to diamond drilling. Given the near-surface setting of the mineralization at Mina Grandé and Cristal, the drilling programs have utilized a short-hole approach, typically drilling vertical holes to a depth of less than 100 m.

During a site visit in 2011, Anglo Peruana Terra S.A. collected 8 samples that demonstrated very low levels of “contaminants” in high-grade zinc mineralization as shown as follows in Table 55 (David Davila, July 2011). Notably, sulphur contents were very low at 0.04%, and average contents for selected indicator elements were 7 ppm As, 3 ppm Co, 4 ppm Cr, 32 ppm Cu, <10 ppm Ga, 4 ppm Hg, 4 ppm Mo, 26 ppm Ni and 2 ppm Sb. The author concluded that the mineralization was typical MVT-type and that its samples compared well with previously reported Corianta samples.

142 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

TABLE 55 SUMMARY OF CO-ORDINATES AND KEY ASSAY DATA FOR EIGHT ANGLO PERUANA TERRA SAMPLES
Despite a lack of drilling, a letter dated 13 June, 2011 from Engineer J.R. Torres of Corianta S.A. to Amazonas includes attachments indicating (or reiterating?) resource estimates for Mina Grandé, Mina Chica, Bongarita and Campo Cielo, the latter estimated2 to contain 450,000 tonnes averaging 15 m wide and 30 m deep over a strike of 500 m (S.G. = 2.0 t/m3). Further exploration is proposed in a 1 km long and 250 m wide SE-trending zone on the eastern limb of the anticline along the trend and just north of Mina Chica and Mina Grandé to locate the possible extension of the mineralized zone that was located in the Campo Cielo area. Further diamond drilling to discover potential primary Zn-Pb sulphides below the oxidized zone is also recommended, these holes to be put down in a 500 m section of the Campo Cielo prospect. These holes were expected to add another approximately 1,000,000 tonnes of new oxide resources to the existing resource including some potential sulphide resources3.

Interestingly, this letter contains an estimate of the Mina Chica mineral reserves, known as “Pit D”, which is not reported in any other source reviewed by WGM. The historical estimate follows (note the lack of CIM standard compliance in terminology):
2 This estimate does not comply with NI 43-101 guidelines or CIM definitions and cannot be relied upon. 3 This expectation was speculative in nature. No data exists by which an outcome can be confirmed or denied.

143 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Similar speculative “reserves” that were not based on drill hole data and therefore cannot meet NI 43-101 requirements, were noted at Mina Chica as follows:
It is interesting to note that the aforementioned historical grades, even though they are not compliant with current CIM standards, do approximate the grades of WGM’s current (2019) Mineral Resource estimate.

During its first site visit in 2014, WGM noted that some more recently established points were measured using the WGS-84 datum as compared to the PSAD-56 (Peru) datum more pervasively used for all projects – this contributed to some co-ordinate conversion issues. Zinc One has put in place a digital topographic model that corrects these past errors, at least insofar as correcting the location of pits, trenches and drill holes collars that can be clearly identified and associated with historical data.

A high degree of block faulting has developed in the Bongará-Cristal area, probably as a result of long-lived growth faults during basinal subsidence. These are represented, together with circular lineament features, by green lines in the following figure (Figure 19) extracted from the Corianta S.A. report entitled “Informe de Exploraciones del Sector ‘Campo Cielo’ Bongará” (J.R. Torres and S.E. Basilio, March 2011). Many of the photos in this report record loosely consolidated mineralization that the authors describe as “karst-type” mineralization. However, the photos show no evidence of dissolution cavities, aragonite formation or other features that might normally be associated with such cavities. Given the prevalence of axial-parallel (NW-trending) and axial normal (NE-trending) faults in this area, this broken style of mineralization may be occurring in fault zones and more accurately described as breccia-style. Similar mineralization is seen at Mina Grandé although one small karst feature was noted in association with aragonite development.

The authors of the Campo Cielo report concluded that the longitudinal extension of the known mineralized “mantle” is 500 m, within which many mineralized outcrops are present. The mineralization was well documented in seven trenches with a profile spacing of 50 m to 75 m. The authors recommended that follow-up work be carried out to extend the mineralization to the southeast approximately 1,000 metres using pits, trenches and follow-up diamond drilling

144 -
} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

MINERALIZATION mm Sulphide / oxide occurrences (Zn/Pb) 4—A Reverse / thrust fault —}- Anticine lm Oxide deposit (Zn) Ag Normal fault —{- Syndiine © Sulphide / oxide occurrences (Zn/Pb) ‘qa Strike-slip fault 44 Overturned anticline —— Fault (undifferentiated) GRID COORDINATES — ~ Fault (inferred) {mm WOS 84 datum — Landsat lineament = PSAD 56 datum Structural Interpretation Overlay Figure 19: Lineament map showing the location of the Bongara licence (yellow outline) and the Charlotte-

Figure 19: Lineament map showing the location of the Bongará licence (yellow outline) and the Charlotte- Bongará licence (grey outline). The zinc prospects are shown as pink and red dots. Fold axes are shown together with NW-trending structural lineaments related to normal and thrust faults. The structure seen is genetically related to closure of the Pucará Basin during collision of the Pacific Plate and the Brazilian craton. Green lineaments commonly form arcuate features that are not explained by the known geology.

145 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

to delineate additional bodies of non-sulphide zinc mineralization and test for primary sulphide mineralization. WGM believes this is a reasonable approach given the lack of exploration in this and other areas.

As part of the previous feasibility study, 19 samples were selected of six different rock types to develop an average specific gravity value for the deposit which was 1.6 g/cm3 based on weighting individual results by the abundance of each rock type in the sample population. Kalinaj objected to this approach saying that the lithology database was not representative given the collection methods used, and that the use of a universal tonnage conversion factor within such a deposit was inappropriate given the variations observed in the mineralization. WGM agrees with this and furthermore agrees with Kalinaj’s solution of acquiring specific gravity data on a much larger sample population base. The data should be collected from representative lithologies in each drill hole before the core is chemically analysed. WGM believes that the best method to model the deposit is to use such data to assign a specific gravity (density factor) to every sample in each hole, and to effectively produce a density model for the deposit. The S.G. database must contain data on the full range of assay values in the deposit and in all lithologies. This approach will ensure that the effects of anomalous samples are adequately controlled, whether more or less dense or higher or lower grade.

In its site visit report, Anglo Peruana Terra S.A. summarized the Campo Cielo area as being typically MVT-type mineralization based on the geology and supporting pathfinder geochemistry from eight channel samples (previously shown). In assessing the potential of Campo Cielo, the author concluded that it should have much of the same qualities (dimensions and grade) as Mina Grandé (and Cristal), but that local topographical factors (terrain) would influence the ultimate resource present. The company recommended an exploration program of diamond drilling to explore below the known areas of mineralization and to cautiously extend these zones outwards through contouring the zinc values, karst features, dolomitization etc., as isolines to guide the planning of future exploration drill holes. WGM strongly recommends the use of metal content contouring, for example as grade – thickness isolines, as a means of detecting trends in the mineralization. A low cut-off should be tried, for example 1% Zn, to ensure the contours reflect the total metal ‘budget’ in the host formation. Caution should be used in combining zinc plus lead as the geochemical characteristics differ and the distribution of lead may be dissimilar from that of zinc.
Major oxide data on the WGM check samples collected during 2014 revealed that the Bongarita area may be significantly higher in silica (SiO2) than comparable rocks in the Mina Grandé pits. The values were 5-6 times higher at Bongarita and suggested that these rocks contain a higher silica-rich silt content. In comparison with Mina Grandé, average aluminum and potassium values at Bongarita are also, respectively, 7-10 and 4-6 times higher suggesting

146 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

that the siliceous material carries a feldspathic component. The fact that the high-silica samples were well mineralized with 37.7% to 43.5% Zn as well as lead values, indicates the presence of a permeable, shallow-water facies that may explain the presence of mineralization this high in the stratigraphic succession. WGM concluded that facies may play an important role in mineralization in the Condorsinga Fm. and that detailed geological mapping may allow favourable sections to be identified. The single 7 metre channel sample at Mina Grandé Sur that carried 43.1% Zn and 1.13% Pb also contained 11.8% SiO2 was in a rock that exhibited reef-like primary textures that also indicate shallow-water conditions.

The resource implications of karst are not insignificant since karst-fill mineralization is likely to have limited point-to-point (triaxial) continuity whereas mineralization occurring in fault zones should have excellent continuity along the plane of the structure. Breccias often exhibit dissolution features because they are permeable structures, however, the degree of karstification may be restricted to the structure alone. This is not the same as widespread karstification. WGM saw no evidence of large collapse features or out-flow zones as might be expected if karst was widely developed. Furthermore, karst is not widely represented within the sample population that has a combined zinc plus lead content exceeding 3%. Zones of karst do occur in nearly every drill hole, but WGM suspects that the term is broadly applied to any zone that is not well recovered by the drillers, however whether it is an actual karst cavity may be quite different. Karst is noted within mineralized sections however it also occurs somewhat above or below zones that are mineralized giving its distribution a more random relationship with mineralization.
25.3 HISTORICAL MINERAL RESOURCES

In WGM’s opinion, the Geoval historical resource estimate suffers from sufficient procedural issues that it should not be relied upon for future mine planning purposes. Based on WGM’s review of the interpolation procedures and inputs, we believe that the grade of the resources are potentially overstated since no limits were placed on the number of samples derived from a single drill hole. Although we were unable to duplicate the reported tonnages, the tonnage estimates seem reasonable given the reported volume. An answer to grade issues may be gained by comparing the predicted and recovered grades from the mining and processing of Bongará ore. This information was not available as part of the information base for this review.

147 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

25.4 CURRENT MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATES

The current Mineral Resource estimates for the Bongará zinc mine project, shown in Tables 56 and 57, are based on surface diamond drilling, including historical drilling results where the drill sites could be confirmed, as well as recent surface sampling from excavated pits up to several metres deep. There are a total of 320 drill holes with an aggregate length of 9,180 m and 723 surface samples with an aggregate length of 2,133 m used for the estimates.

TABLE 56 INDICATED MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT as of January, 2019
TABLE 57 INFERRED MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE BONGARÁ MINE PROJECT as of January, 2019
148 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

The reader is cautioned that Mineral Resources that are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. The estimate of mineral resources may be materially affected by commodity prices, environmental, permitting, legal, title, socio-political, marketing, or other relevant issues.

On the basis of WGM’s exploratory data analysis and the grade distribution of zinc assay data, a 40% zinc top cut grade was applied to assay values before compositing. The difference in contained metal between the uncut and cut grades for the resource estimates ranges from about 0.5% to 7% depending on the domain.

A 5x5x5m block model was used for each zone with grades interpolated into constrained domains using ordinary kriging.

The 10% Zn cut-off value used for the 2019 resource estimates is based on the three year average metal price US $1.20/lb for Zn. This grade also approximates the cut-off used during past mining operations. There are no current metallurgical studies for the property and WGM makes no assumptions with respect to recovery of zinc for the Mineral Resource estimates.

The following notes are important to the understanding of the aforementioned report of Mineral Resources:

1. Resources were estimated using composites within constrained block models with block dimensions of 5x5x5m and using ordinary kriging grade interpolation methods.

2. Top cuts at a grade of 40% Zn were applied to Zn grades of assays before compositing.

3. Zn% grades can be converted by applying a conversion factor of 22.046 pounds per Zn% to obtain lbs of Zn per metric tonne.

4. A Bulk Density of 1.90 was applied using the geological block model density field.

5. The quantity and grade of estimated Inferred Mineral Resources is uncertain in nature as there has been insufficient exploration to define these resources as an Indicated or Measured Mineral Resource, and it is uncertain if further exploration will result in up- grading the confidence level of Inferred Resources.

6. The Mineral Resources were estimated using the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum Standards on Mineral Resources and Reserves, Definitions and Guidelines prepared by the CIM Standing Committee on Reserve Definitions and adopted by CIM Council May 10, 2014; and mandated in National Instrument 43-101/

7. Figures may not total due to rounding.

149 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Table 58 summarizes the total Indicated and Inferred Resources currently identified in the Bongará project area at various cut-off grades for all five zones. The effect of varying the cut-off grade are demonstrated by the inverse relationship between grade and tonnage. As stated in the foregoing text, the 10% cut-off grade represents the base case on which the current Mineral Resource estimate is reported.

TABLE 58 BONGARÁ ZINC MINE PROJECT MINERAL GLOBAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE USING VARIOUS CUT-OFF GRADES
The mineralized trend on which the zinc-bearing zones are located represents an excellent target for additional drilling. In WGM’s opinion, in-fill drilling with the objective of up- grading the Inferred Mineral Resources to Indicated Mineral Resources is warranted. Zinc grade variability is sufficient however, that not all Inferred Resources will be up-graded. With continuing exploration drilling in the Mina Chica area, some enlargement of the deposit is possible. Exploration drilling along the trend between Mina Chica and Campo Cielo and 6 kilometres farther to the Cristal zinc prospect area should be considered in future drilling programs.

25.5 MINERAL PROCESSING

The recovery of zinc from Bongará ore has been demonstrated. Great advances have been and are being made in the treatment of non-sulphide or oxide-type zinc-lead-silver ores. Additional work is justified to update and refine the Bongará flowsheet working from the information already available from previous studies in combination with data from new studies planned by Zinc One.

150 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

26. RECOMMENDATIONS
26.1 BONGARÁ EXPLORATION

WGM recommends that Zinc One execute its plan to continue exploring along the 8-kilometre long mineralized trend passing through Mina Grandé and Mina Chica and extending 6 kilometres to the north-northwest into the Cristal area. The mineralization in pits and trenches at Campo Cielo lies within this gap. Equal importance should be given to in-fill drilling the areas of the high-grade zinc deposits at Mina Grandé, Mina Chica and Bongarita to up-grade the confidence level of the Inferred Mineral Resources as well as to extend the boundaries of such mineralization. to this end, Zinc One has applied to the Ministry of Energy and Mining for approval to drill 583 holes from 364 platforms along the 1.4 kilometre long ridge from Mina Grandé Sur to and beyond Mina Chica. WGM believes this approach to be in the best interests of the project in providing for some flexibility in approach when the actual drilling is done.

WGM believes that the drilling plan, which allows for in-fill drilling of 282 diamond drill holes from 141 platforms using a nominal 30-metre grid spacing, should be adequate for the purpose of up-grading portions of the deposits from Inferred Resources to Indicated Resources in anticipation of a Feasibility Study at some future date.

Zinc One’s plan to drill from 223 platforms in other areas is also warranted on the basis of the demonstrated occurrence of high grade zinc mineralization in the Bongará area. Those holes that explore for new mineralization are planned on a nominal 50-metre drilling grid. Zinc One and WGM have discussed ways of selecting targets, and WGM agrees that historical test pit data is useful even if the precise location of the test pit cannot be found due to vegetation overgrowth. Old test pits were commonly shallow and ended in zinc mineralization. Areas of stunted vegetation are also prospective due to the toxicity effects of high-grade zinc mineralization.

WGM believes that Zinc One should consider a conventional soil geochemical sampling program in the gap area between Mina Chica and the Cristal area with profile lines on a 100 m spacing and sample stations 25 m apart on each profile. Covering the 6-kilometre gap would require approximately 60 profiles each approximately 1,000 m in length (or 40 samples per profile = 2,400 samples). The estimated additional cost to the exploration program would be approximately $75,000 in operating and laboratory costs.

151 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Zinc One has developed quality control protocols that are consistent with industry best practices. These protocols must be continued to ensure data quality and to detect any potential data that may not be representative.

Zinc One has established a digital elevation model over the Bongará area and this should be sufficient for the planned drilling, however if necessary it should be extended and confirmed through instrumental (Total Station or similar) surveying. WGM also recommends that survey control be improved by means of establishing additional permanent monuments in each deposit area to be used for more precise measurements of drill hole co-ordinates. Establishing the co-ordinates of these monuments by means of Total Station instrumental surveying from known points, or by differential GPS, would provide the precision needed for more advanced exploration or potential development work.

There is a need for the project information base to have more detailed lithology and bulk density data for the major lithologies in the deposits, including mineralization types. As a component of its proposed metallurgical testing program, WGM recommends that Zinc One continue its on-going work to establish a truly representative specific gravity model for each type of mineralization. With respect to improving the data available for Mineral Resource estimation, two recommendations are made:
1) RQD and core recovery data should continue to be measured and entered into the drill hole database in a consistent manner for all future drill holes.

2) The measurement of specific gravity in core samples should be increased together with the collection of bulk density measurements from large volume pit samples in typical mineralization to be used to provide better data for modelling the density of the zones comprising the Bongará zinc mine project.

26.2 ECONOMIC STUDIES

In the near future, Zinc One should complete a Preliminary Economic Assessment (“PEA”) which is allowed under NI 43-101 rules to include the use of both Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resources. The costs for this are included in the proposed budget. The purpose of the PEA should be to assess the potential outcomes of mining the Bongará deposits under various mining and processing models. The results of such studies are indicative only and are not definitive in terms of final outcomes, however PEAs are very useful at any stage of a project to answer such questions as:

• What grade – tonnage threshold is needed for an economically viable operation?

152 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

• Does the project require additional resources (tonnes) at the same (average) grade, or does the project require additional resources at a higher grade?

• What mining rates would the current resource base support?

• What might the financial model deliver to owners at this time in terms of profits?

In support of a PEA, Zinc One should review any historical production and metallurgical test data that is available. Zinc One should undertake bench-scale testing of representative mineralization from each of the major mineralized zones at Bongará.

26.3 COMMUNITY OUTREACH

Zinc One should continue its program of addressing environmental and logistical questions posed by the Ministry of Energy and Mining, which will confirm that its proposals comply with existing regulations and allow the Ministry to grant future permits.

Zinc One should continue with its community outreach and engagement programs, and when possible, the employment of local labour to allow the community at large to observe its operations and to avoid potential misunderstandings.
26.4 LICENCE ACQUISITION

The Pucará Basin in western Peru is a major zinc provenance that extends virtually the entire length of the country. The MVT deposits that have been identified, in sulphide or in oxidized form, are of a class that is known to cluster. As such, the up-side exploration potential is obvious. WGM recommends that Zinc One be mindful of and give consideration to opportunities to acquire additional licences in the Bongará area, including any that cover high-grade zinc prospects such as San José and Florida (formerly known as the Camboca NW prospect) which seem to be located on the main trend that passes through the Florida Canyon deposit 3.5 km farther to the south. Although access is not easy, staged exploration out of prospect-specific camps offers the benefits of cost-control and time-efficient work programs in a manner very similar to the use of fly-camps in Canada’s remote regions. The existing trails will need to be brushed out to allow access by ATV.

Beginning with Bongará, Miroslav Kalinaj recommended continuing with the systematic study of specific weights of high-grade ore and increasing the proportion of lithologies and samples represented with greater than 5% Zn as these are likely to have the greatest impact on

153 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

resource modelling. He also recommended detailed modelling of the various zones using more closely spaced sections to facilitate resource modelling, a detailed topographic survey of the mineralized trend was also recommended and continuous surveying to ensure pit and drill hole locations are precisely known. Challenges involving the use of the PSAD 56 datum need to be resolved. Continued exploration and diamond drilling was recommended in areas near Mina Grandé and Mina Chica for the purpose of discovering continuations of the mineralization in untested areas. WGM concurs will all of these recommendations.

It is clear that both the Condorsinga Fm. and the underlying Chambará Fm. are viable hosts for MVT-type deposits. In respect to exploration targeting, however, it is important to recognize that no mineralization has been observed in strata above the middle member of the Condorsinga even in areas where the middle member is well mineralized, such as at Cristal. The Aramachay Fm. is not apparently mineralized although little if any work has been specifically directed at testing it (the Aramachay was drilled in several deep holes that were directed at testing the upper to middle Chambará). The Chambará Fm. exists at a depth of somewhat greater than 400 m below the Mina Grandé workings. Given the anticlinal folding in the area northwest of Mina Grandé, and the presence of an inlier of Chambará Fm. This area represents an opportunity to explore the Chambará for sulphide and oxide mineralization hosted similarly to Florida Canyon. More specifically, the NE-dipping limb of this fold will intersect the Chiriaco thrust fault in the area between Campo Cielo and Cristal providing a setting suitable for mineralization. Other areas of outcropping Chambará Fm. located west of Cristal where the favourable sequence rests unconformably on basement represent areas of zinc potential that should be explored.
Gerardo Soto in his report entitled “Outcrop Zinc Sulphides and Oxides, Bongará- Amazonas”, dated October, 2002 reports an outcrop sample (BCC-01) that assayed 43.58% Zn and 4.32% Pb. The author refers to the area as being close to the Mina Chica (Bongarita?) area however the co-ordinates place the site farther north, and approximately 635 m due east of Campo Cielo. Using the co-ordinates provided that are reportedly referenced to the “SAM56” datum, the site is located in an area of Sarayaquillo Formation or possibly even the Goyllarisquizga Formation in the down-dropped fault block opposite from Bongará, that is, across the Chiriaco Thrust Fault. This setting seems unlikely for carbonate- replacement mineralization, especially given the description of limestone in this area. The most reasonable explanation for the conflict probably lies in the co-ordinates given, either as a measuring error or through the use of a datum other than PSAD-56 (Peru). Using the SAM- 56 datum versus the PSAD-56 datum results in a shift of only 7 m on the ground. It is clear therefore that the co-ordinates were not measured using either of these datums or WGS-84 (which would place the point even farther to the northwest). Given the geology, the reported presence of pyrite, sphalerite and galena mineralization, and the high grades reported, this

154 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

area east of Campo Cielo and Mine Chica should be the subject of follow-up prospecting to correctly locate the prospect.

Strong stream-sediment and soil anomalies at the Florida and San Jose zinc prospects demonstrate the presence of economically interesting mineralization, and unlike at Cristal and Bongará, zinc is hosted in the Chambará Formation in a setting potentially the same as the Florida Canyon deposit a few kilometres farther to the south. If these areas can be acquired by Zinc One, additional exploration should be based on conventional soil and stream sediment sampling. WGM recommends the use of an auger to sample consistently at 1-metre depths on a grid using 50-metre stations on 100-metre spaced profile lines normal to the trend of the zone. The samples should be collected consistently from the lower 10 cm of the holes and analysed using and ICP-based multi-element geochemical package that includes base metals, silver and the major indicator elements. All anomalies should be followed up with test pits to allow sampling to be carried out to identify vertical geochemical profiles. In the extensive area surrounding San Jose, stream sediment sampling is probably a more practical and cost- effective means of initial geochemical coverage. All tributaries irrespective of size should be sampled to ensure a sample density of at least 5 samples per square kilometre.
26.5 METALLURGICAL TESTING

WGM encourages on-going testing of mineralization to identify processing options to maximize the value of the ore. The low lead and silver grades seen to date may not be indicative of the mineralization in new zones. Therefore Zinc One should be aware of alternative processing techniques. Processing considerations must also take into consideration current and future infrastructure availability in the Bongará area.

26.6 PUBLIC DIALOGUE

Yambrasbamba is the central village among a total of 12 villages that encompass the district: Perla Mayo, Vilcaniza, Tambillo, Shucayacu, Buenos Aires, La Esperanza, Miraflores, Santa Rosa, La Florida, San José de Yambrasbamba, and Perla de Imaza, all of which are proximal to the main highway.

In the context of community engagement, the local residents in the Yambrasbamba area have been involved with the project over a long period of time. Groupo Amazonas engaged several societal specialists to ensure its operations were conflict free. WGM had the opportunity to meet with one of these individuals during its first site visit in 2015.

155 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

During late 2016, Forrester Peru signed a pre-agreement with the community that would permit access to the Project for certain considerations in favor of the community including, but not limited to its support of community social programs and the creation of employment opportunities. A formal agreement was signed on July 5, 2017, to allow access to the Project for five years during the exploration stage and included financial support for a planned and structured reforestation project, various social programs, preferential treatment of local residents for unskilled labor and prioritized consideration for skilled labor, among other things.

Zinc One has retained the services of a community engagement representative to ensure that lines of communication are maintained with local villagers. The responsibility for corporate social responsibility is managed directly by Mrs. Silvia Dedios who is the general manager in Peru for Zinc One. The company is also engaged directly with the Government in acquiring approvals for the construction of pads for drill sites. This requires the approval of an environmental instrument called a Technical Sustaining Instrument (“ITS”) that includes a mine closure plan. A modification to this plan was required to give the company approval to explore in the previously disturbed and now remediated terrain.

Zinc One has been proactive in engaging with local residents and should continue to do so to ensure that Zinc One and local inhabitants and their representatives are aware of each other’s concerns and that Zinc One has the opportunity to mitigate adverse impacts. Many exploration companies have found a ready and willing workforce in the local villages close to exploration sites. As Zinc One’s work is mainly drilling in brownfields areas that are not treaty land or land subject to a land claim, WGM understands that very little consultative work may actually be required.

Zinc One should develop an open dialogue with other companies working in the area that may be in the same situation in respect to its nearby project. Future development planning will require that Zinc One study the implications of new legislation and, if deemed necessary, engage suitable counsel to give it guidance relevant to its planning process.

156 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
26.7 PROGRAM BUDGET

The budget specifically for a proposed ‘next-step’ exploration program is presented in Table 59. All costs are in United States Dollars (US$).

TABLE 59 SUMMARY OF BUDGET FOR ZINC ONE’S FOLLOW-UP EXPLORATION PROGRAM AND RELATED STUDIES
Total Cost ( US$ 1000s )

The proposed exploration program covers a 12-month period and is considered a single phase of exploration as the PEA will be carried out as an integral component of the work program. Diamond drilling in the Campo Cielo area (3,000 m) is optional and dependent on the availability of adequate funds to cover the cost of this drilling. No additional local or overhead costs are associated with this drilling as these will be incurred irrespective of whether the Campo Cielo work is completed or not.

WGM is in general agreement with Zinc One in respect to its proposed exploration drilling program. The estimated cost base used for the proposed budget is reasonable in our opinion and well justified buy the results to date.

157 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

27. SIGNATURE PAGE

This report titled “Technical Report on the Bongará Zinc Project, Yambrasbamba District, Amazonas Region, Northern Peru for Zinc One Resources Inc.” and effective 11 March, 2019 was prepared and signed by the following authors:

Signed on 11 March, 2019.

“ signed by A. Workman”

“ signed by J. Reddick”

Albert Workman, P.Geo. Senior Geologist Vice-President, Operations

John Reddick, P.Eng. Senior Associate Resource Geologist

158 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
28. CERTIFICATE

I, Albert W. Workman, do hereby certify that:

I reside at 228 Blueski George Crescent, the Blue Mountains, Ontario, Canada, L9Y 0V8.

I am a Senior Geologist and Vice-President with Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited, a firm of consulting geologists and engineers, which has been authorized to practice professional engineering by the Professional Engineers Ontario since 1969, and professional geoscience by the Association of Professional Geoscientists of Ontario.

This certificate accompanies the report titled “Technical Report on the Bongará Zinc Project Yambrasbamba District, Amazonas Region, Northern Peru for Zinc One Resources Inc.” effective date 11 March, 2019.

4.

I graduated from Brock University in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada, in 1975 with an Honours B.Sc. in Geological Sciences and I have practiced my profession continuously since then for a total of 40 years in Canada and internationally. Since 1975, I have worked on a wide range of exploration projects from grassroots greenfields gold and uranium projects to development stage gold and zinc projects in heavily explored brownfields areas.

4.

5.

I am a licensed Professional Geoscientist of the Association of Professional Geoscientists of Ontario (Member # 170). I am also a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (AusIMM), as well as a Member of the Society of Economic Geologists (SEG), the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (CIM), and the Prospectors and Developers Association of Canada (PDAC).

5.

6.

I have read the definition of “Qualified Person” set out in the National Instrument 43-101 (“NI 43-101”) and certify that by reason of my education, affiliation with a professional association (as defined in NI 43-101) and past relevant work experience, I fulfil the requirements to be a “Qualified Person” for the purposes of NI 43-101.

6.

I visited the Bongará concessions of Zinc One Resources Inc. on 4-7 September, 2014 during which time I reviewed data, collected check samples and visited former exploration drilling sites. I met with the project owner at that time, Amazonas, to discuss the status of the project and the nature of the previous work. I revisited the project site during 15-18 February, 2018 during which I carried out a detailed review of Zinc One’s exploration practices, discussed the geology with the project team and collected duplicate samples of drill core to be independently analysed for checking purposes.

I am independent of the issuer as described in Section 1.5 of Canadian Securities Regulation NI 43-101.

8.

8.

I am responsible for all sections of this report except for Chapter 14 dealing with the current Mineral Resource estimates. I am responsible for co-ordinating and receiving the information base on which this report is based.

9.

9.

My relevant experience includes more than 40 years of field exploration and project experience and I have worked on non-sulphide (“oxide-type”) zinc deposits for more than 18 years in Iran, Yemen, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Guatemala and Peru as a the lead consulting geologist. My experience in Peru includes deposits at several locations in the Pucará Basin. I have remained familiar with the Bongará concessions since September 2014, and I have acted in the capacity of Qualified Person in respect to the Property discussed in this report since that time. I have authored or co-authored several previous technical reports on this Property for other interested parties.

10.

159 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

I have read NI 43-101 and Form 43-101F1 and have prepared the technical report in compliance with NI 43-101 and Form 43-101F1; and I have prepared the report in conformity with generally accepted Canadian mining industry practices.
As of the effective date of this technical report, and to the best of my knowledge, information and belief, the technical report contains all scientific and technical information that is required to be disclosed to make the technical report not misleading.

“ signed by A. Workman”

Albert Workman, P.Geo. 11 March, 2019

160 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

CERTIFICATE

I, John Reddick, do hereby certify that:

I reside at 284 Salmon Point Road, Cherry Valley, Ontario, K0K 1P0, Canada.

I am a Senior Associate Resource Geologist with Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited, a firm of consulting geologists and engineers, which has been authorized to practice professional engineering by Professional Engineers Ontario since 1969, and professional geoscience by the Association of Professional Geoscientists of Ontario. I am also the President of Reddick Consulting Inc.

This certificate accompanies the report titled “Technical Report on the Bongará Zinc Project, Yambrasbamba District, Amazonas Region, Northern Peru for Zinc One Resources Inc.” effective dated 11 March, 2019.

I am a graduate of Queen’s University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada in 1982 with a B.Sc. Honours Geology degree, and of Queen’s University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada in 1995 with a M.Sc. in Honours Geology degree in Mineral Exploration.

I am a licensed Professional Geoscientist of the Association of Professional Geoscientists of Ontario (Member #643). I am also a member of the Society of Economic Geologists, and member of the Prospectors and Developers Association of Canada.

I have read the definition of “Qualified Person” set out in the National Instrument 43-101 (“NI 43-101”) and certify that by reason of my education, affiliation with a professional association (as defined in NI 43-101) and past relevant work experience, I fulfil the requirements to be a “Qualified Person” for the purposes of NI 43-101.

7. I visited the Property in June 2018.

I am independent of the issuer as described in Section 1.5 of the Canadian Securities Regulation NI 43-101.

I am responsible for the Mineral Resource estimates in Chapter 14.

I have practiced my profession in mineral exploration or mining continuously since graduation. I have over 35 years of experience in mineral exploration, production or consulting. I have over 35 years of experience in mineral resource estimation and I have over 25 years of experience preparing mineral resource estimates using block-modelling software and have 25 years of experience as an independent consultant.

161 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

I have read NI 43-101 and Form 43-101F1 and have prepared the technical report in compliance with NI 43-101 and Form 43-101F1; and I have prepared the report in conformity with generally accepted Canadian mining industry practices.

As of the effective date of this technical report, and to the best of my knowledge, information and belief, the technical report contains all scientific and technical information that is required to be disclosed to make the technical report not misleading.

“ signed by J. Reddick”

John Reddick, P.Geo. 11 March, 2019

162 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat
SELECTED REFERENCES

Anglo Peruana S.A., 2005, A Re-Evaluation of the Geology and Mineralization of the Charlotte- Bongará Zinc Project, Amazonas, Northern Peru, an independent consultant’s report dated April, 2005, 71 pages plus appendices.

Badoux, V., Moritz, R. and Fontboté, L., 2001, the Mississippi Valley-type Zn-Pb Deposit of San Vicente, Central Peru: an Andean Syntectonic Deposit, in conference proceedings of the 6th biennial SGA meeting, Krakow, Poland, 26-29 August, 2001, Piestrzynski, A. et al. (editors), pp. 191-195.

Braun, E., 2011, Comments re Rio Cristal Work, January-February, 2011, a consultant’s report by Eric Braun Consulting, 14 pages.

Brophy, J.A., 2012, Rio Cristal Resources Corp. Bongará Zinc Project NI 43-101 Technical Report, an independent consultant’s report for Rio Cristal Resources Corp. dated January 31, 2012, 109 pages.

Castro, E., Informe Petrográfico, a series of petrographic reports by Cerro La Mina S.A. for Rio Cristal Resources dated June, 2011, 13 pages.

China Liaoning International Co-operation Group, 2006, Peru Pacasmayo Zinc Smelting Project – Basic Design Specification, a report dated April, 2006 prepared for Beijing General Research Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, 91 pages.

CIM 2014, CIM Standards on Mineral Resources and Reserves, Definitions and Guidelines, Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum, adopted by CIM Council May 10, 2014, 9 pages.

Cinits, R., 2007, Charlotte- Bongará Zinc Property, Peru: NI 43-101 Technical Report, an independent consultant’s report by AMEC dated 20 September, 2007, 150 pages.

Huaman, A., Huaman, M. and Manrique, E., 2012, Posibilidades del Potentcial Exploratorio Proyecto Rio Cristal – Bongará, an independent consulting report by Coffey Mining Pty Ltd., dated 12 April, 2012, 26 pages.

Consultora Minera Anglo Peruana S.A., 2005, A Re–evaluation of the Geology and Mineralization of the Charlotte Bongará Zinc Project, Amazonas, Northern Peru, 71 pages plus appendices.

Davila, D., 2008, Estudio Petromineralogico de dos Muestras de Rocas (2 Secciones Delgadas y 2 Secciones Pulidas), a mineralogical report for Compañía Cerro la Mina S.A., 12 pages.

Kalinaj, M., 2005, Proyecto Bongará Exploración 2004/2005, Informe Final, Tomo 1 – Geología del Yacimiento, an independent consultant’s report for Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A., 108 pages.

Lightfoot, B.W. and Floyd, J.M., 1987, Laboratory Investigation of Fuming Eduardo Zinc Ores Using Sirosmelt Technology, a confidential report for Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited, 29 pages.

163 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Minconsult srl., 2006, Plan de Minado Proyecto Bongara; Alternativa 145,000 TMSA, a confidential consultants report for Compania Minera Corianta S.A., 23 pages.

Pennington, J. B., Sheerin, C., Miller, B.J., Hunt, W. and Gilbertson, J., 2014, NI 43-101 Technical Report: Mineral Resources Bongará Zinc Project, Amazonas Department, Peru, an independent consulting report by SRK Consulting (U.S.), Inc. for Solitario Exploration and Royalty Corp. and Minera Bongará S.A. dated 18 June, 2014, 145 p., plus appendices.

RCZ, 2011, Informe Final Cristal, an internal company report on the Cristal project by RCZ, 36 pages.

Rodríguez, J. and B. Santillán, 2011, Informe de Exploraciones del Sector “Campo Cielo” Bongará, an internal company report by Corianta S.A., dated March 2011, 26 p.

Rosas, S., Fontboté, L. and Tankard, A., 2007, Tectonic Evolution and Paleogeography of the Mesozoic Pucara Basin, Central Peru, in Journal of South American Earth Sciences, No. 24, pp. 1-24.

Solitario Resources, 1996, Solitario Resources Bongará Project - Appendices - Documentation of Resource Calculation, 10 pages plus 5 appendices.

Soto, G., 2002, Outcrop Zinc Sulphides and Oxides, Bongará-Amazonas, a technical paper dated October, 2002.
Soto, G., 2003, Proyecto Cristal (Zinc) – Reconocimiento Geológico Área del Proyecto Cristal, Bongará - Amazonas, a technical report dated September, 2003, 18 pages.

Torres, Thomson Rodriguez, a 13 June 2011 letter reporting Annual Report of Reserves and Resources from Corianta S.A., 6 pages.

Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited., 1987, Report on the 1986 Field Season on the Eduardo Property of Compañia Minera de Amazonas S.A., an independent consulting report by Robert Griffis of WGM (Toronto) dated 26 September, 1984, 48 pages plus appendices.

Workman, A.W., and Breede, K., 2017, Technical Report on the Bongará Zinc Project, Yambrasbamba Area, Northern Peru for Zinc One Resources Inc., an independent consulting report by WGM (Toronto) dated 27 July, 2017, 120 pages plus appendices.

164 -

APPENDICES

165 -

} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

€} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

APPENDIX 1: SUMMARY STATISTICS FOR ASSAYS IN WIREFRAMES

166 -

€} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Summary Statistics - Assays in Mina Grandé Sur Wireframe
*Surface samples may include check pits by Zinc One that are in the same location as older pits. **Total number of samples for all sample data may include intervals for which Ag was not analysed for older data.

167 -

€} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Summary Statistics - Assays in Mina Grandé Centro Wireframe
*Surface samples may include check pits by Zinc One that are in the same location as older pits. **Total number of samples for all sample data may include intervals for which Ag was not analysed for older data...

168 -

€} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Summary Statistics - Assays in Mina Grandé Norté Wireframe
*Surface samples may include check pits by Zinc One that are in the same location as older pits. **Total number of samples for all sample data may include intervals for which Ag was not analysed for older data.

169 -

€} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Summary Statistics - Assays in Mina Chica Wireframe
*Surface samples may include check pits by Zinc One that are in the same location as older pits. **Total number of samples for all sample data may include intervals for which Ag was not analysed for older data.

170 -

€} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Summary Statistics - Assays in Bongarita Wireframe
Mean Median Std. Dev. CV Min Max n**

10.95 4.96 12.24 1.12 0.04 44.21 145

0.45 0.35 0.50 1.10 0.00 3.32 145

1.60 1.00 2.16 1.35 0.50 21.00 145

1.33 1.50 0.44 0.33 0.30 2.60 145

*Surface samples may include check pits by Zinc One that are in the same location as older pits. **Total number of samples for all sample data may include intervals for which Ag was not analysed for older data.

171 -

€} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

APPENDIX 2: PROBABILITY PLOTS FOR UNCUT ASSAYS FOR ALL ZONES IN WIREFRAMES

172 -

MINA GRANDE SOUTH Z1 DDH ZN ASSAYS Cumlative Frequency % Log Probability Plot

0.1  1  10  % of values   99.999  99.995 99.99  99.95  99.90 99.80  99.50  99.00  98.00  95.00  90.00  80.00  70.00  60.00  50.00  40.00  30.00  20.00 15.00  10.00  5.00  2.00  1.00  0.50  0.20  0.10  0.05  0.01  100

Zn Grade (%)

MINA GRANDE CENTRAL Z1 DDH Zn ASSAYS Cumlative Frequency % Log Probability Plot

0.1  1  10  % of values   99.999  99.995 99.99  99.95  99.90 99.80  99.50  99.00  98.00  95.00  90.00  80.00  70.00  60.00  50.00  40.00  30.00  20.00 15.00  10.00  5.00  2.00  1.00  0.50  0.20  0.10  0.05  0.01  100

Zn Grade (%)

MINA GRANDE NORTE ALL Z1 DDH ZN ASSAYS Cumlative Frequency % Log Probability Plot
Zn Grade (%)

MINA CHICA ALL DDH ZN ASSAYS Cumlative Frequency % Log Probability Plot

0.1  1  10  % of values   99.999  99.995 99.99  99.95  99.90 99.80  99.50  99.00  98.00  95.00  90.00  80.00  70.00  60.00  50.00  40.00  30.00  20.00 15.00  10.00  5.00  2.00  1.00  0.50  0.20  0.10  0.05  0.01  100

Zn Grade (%)

BONGARITA ALL DDH ZN ASSAYS Cumlative Frequency % Log Probability Plot

0.1  1  10  % of values   99.999  99.995 99.99  99.95  99.90 99.80  99.50  99.00  98.00  95.00  90.00  80.00  70.00  60.00  50.00  40.00  30.00  20.00 15.00  10.00  5.00  2.00  1.00  0.50  0.20  0.10  0.05  0.01  100

Zn Grade (%)

€} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

APPENDIX 3: VARIOGRAMS FOR COMPOSITES IN ALL ZONES IN WIREFRAMES

178 -
Mina GGrandé Sur

GEMS : File 5 _» i) 20

—_—sS 20

ed 2s

(ZNCUT) Help - |e

Projects/MINAGRANDE Variogrammap eS

6.7 - C:/Gems 67 Display View Variogram a

GEMS 6.7 - C:/Gems 67 Projects/MINAGRANDE (ZNCUT) ed —_—sS : File Display View Variogram Variogrammap Help 5 a eS - |e 2s 20 _» 0->0 60) | “0-> 11.25 (60) | “0-> 22.5 (60) | 0 -> 33,75 60) | _0-> 45 60) | 0 -> 56.25 (60) | 0> 0 (60) 0-> 11.25 (60) 0 -> 22.5 (60) 0 -> 33.75 (60) 0 > 45 (60) | 0 ->56.25 (60) 20 1 eel sa ] Fon ' | Een e jes | om } os os on } om. os 2 8s as B O? GaSe tm ia arte cs 8© 8 2 3 @B ¢ ss @ © 2 8 @ | sence Gstnce | Gsnce | serve dstce || + Normal — Vertance — Vanogram Model + Normal — Vatance — Varograr Model + Normal — Vatance —Vasiogzam Model || +Neomal — Vatance — Vator Nesel [Fara — Vanance — Varogar Moe |+ Noma — Vararce — Varoyan Mate | Vasogrars Savceses (© Vatogam Sncazes 1 Vasiogam Sructzes |p Vasiogram Sructres (® Vatogam Stucares ‘© Vanozan Srucares. ee 0) | _< 0-> 78.75 (60) | 0 | _- 9 -> 101.25 69) | _£0->132560)| 0 => 123.75 (60) | 0 -> 78.75 (60) 0 -> 112.5 (60) 1] 0 -> 123.75 (60) at TE Ss ww ] | 12 =m Son) ® re . an e ey om | ct } eS om | 0m t | ] se} s oc s 2 a 2B bear 5 2 s 3s @ x) . ' 2 s 2 a 23 as 5 . s 2 s @ en 5 z s az 5 a | Gstance @stence Gstence | Gstrce dsuroe N= Neat -- Vanance — Vartogram Node! || + Normal — Vatance — Variogram Model + Nomal — Vatance — Varlogram Model || + Normal — Vanance — Vatogram Model (| Nownal — Vasance — Vanegas Model |+ Noma — Varave — Varoyan Moke |e Vesegarn snares [Leverage Smeases || Vasiograre Smucasres || © Vatogan Srcises Le Vetogan Sneares || © Varogan Srucares 0-> 135 (60) | 0-> 146.25 (60) | _0-> 1575 0) | _0-> 168.75 60) | Allertentations | 0 > 157.5 (60) | 0 > 168.75 (60) | = ool orientations ___ E a 5st. & D2 B D & | 0 -> 0 (60) +0 -» 11.25 (60) S0-> 22.5 (60) | |} 0» 33.75 (6D) » 0-» 45 (60) #0 -» 56.25 (60) 0 -> 67.5 (60) 7 0 -» 78.75 (60) 0 -> 90 (60) | | O-> 101.25 (63) FO -> 112.5 (60) O-> 123.75 (6)) 0 -> 135 (60) 0 > 135 (60) 0 > 146.25 (60) 0 -> 145.25 (63) — 0 -> 157.5 (60) 0 -» 168.75 (6) — Variogram Ibdel LS Vartogram Structures

(60) | (60)

_0-> 45 60) | 0 > 45 (60)

0 -> 0 1 eel

0 | sa | Een

“0-> 22.5 (60) | 0 -> 22.5 (60)

“0-> 11.25 0-> 11.25

-> 56.25 (60) | 0 ->56.25 (60) e

0->0 60) | 0> 0 (60) '

33,75 60) | -> 33.75 (60)

] Fon jes } os on os | || + Normal — | Vasogrars

2 8s as sence

ss @ © 2 dstce

arte

O? GaSe tm ia Gstnce

cs 8© 8

| om os } om. 2 3 @B ¢

Gsnce

B

| Model || +Neomal — |p Vasiogram Sructres _- 9 ->

Normal — Vatance —Vasiogzam Model Vasiogam Sructzes 0 |

| [Fara — Vanance — Varogar (® Vatogam Stucares _£0->132560)| 0 -> 112.5

Moe |+ Noma ‘© Vanozan 0 1]

Vatance Varograr Model + 1 (60) | (60)

Vatance — Vator Nesel 101.25 69) |

+ Normal — — (© Vatogam Sncazes _< 0-> 78.75 0 ->

Vertance — Vanogram Model Savceses 0) |

— Vararce — Varoyan Mate Srucares. => 123.75 (60) | 0 -> 123.75 (60)

ee ] } ]

Ss 12 re om

e

at TE | Son) ey

®

ww =m . an | ct

| 0m | 2 s @ en Model |+ Noma

Vanance — Vartogram Node!

eS t se} s oc || + Normal — —

2 s 2 a 23 Gstence Vanance — Vatogram Model

s 2 a 2B Gstance Vatance Variogram Model +

@ x) . ' || + Normal —

5 z s az dsuroe — Varave — Varoyan Moke

bear 5 2 s 3s @stence Nomal — Vatance — Varlogram Model

om as 5 . s | Gstrce (| Nownal — Vasance — Vanegas

| N= Neat -- |e Vesegarn 0->

Srucares | orientations 5st. & D2 B

|| © Varogan Allertentations | = ool E a

|| © Vatogan Srcises 1575 0) | 0 > 157.5 (60)

Vasiograre Smucasres _0-> |

_0-> | 0

[Leverage Smeases 0->

|| 146.25 (60) | 0 > 146.25 (60)

Le Vetogan Sneares 168.75 60) | > 168.75 (60)

snares 135 (60) | 0 > 135 (60)

| |

& 0 -> 0 (60) +0 |} 0» 33.75 (6D) 0 -> 67.5 (60) | O-> 101.25 (63)

-» 11.25 (60) S0-> 22.5 » 0-» 45 (60) #0 -» 56.25 7 0 -» 78.75 (60) 0 -> 90 FO -> 112.5 (60)
O-> (6)) 0 -> 145.25 (63) 0 -» 168.75 (6) LS Vartogram

123.75 0 -> 135 (60) — 0 -> 157.5 (60) — Variogram Ibdel Structures

| ;

8 @

5 a ‘ |

D (60) (60) (60)

Mina G Grandé Centro

Hl Gems 2 File fa “0 om

6.7 - C/Gems 67 Display View Variogram 5S

Projects/MINAGRANDE(ZNCUT) Variogrammap SAS

Help - Se)

9 ©

Ts -——— B20

i>
Ean) Fis car Hy (© Vanogan

_ O> a Gon js os “3

© Vatogan <0>

=a i

n Gossan

aa

i

BB Ges 6.75 Fle Dssplay 7s 150 21%

‘| —>

(ZNCUT) Help 284s sail

- D-/GEMS_674_Projects/MINAGRANDE_JAN_2019 View Variogram Variogrammap ae

BB Ges 6.75 - D-/GEMS_674_Projects/MINAGRANDE_JAN_2019 (ZNCUT) Fle Dssplay View Variogram Variogrammap Help ae 284s sail ‘| —> aa —— i 0>0(60) 7s : | A 150 ro. rf | 21% *\ { B00 4 Eun * Sos) | o2s}~ | ~ aR ae % o 6 0 wD os bw 6 mo ms 2 ii distance distance distance ||-+ Nommat — Variance ceo Model > Nomal — Vanance hoecaee et Model [= Normal —Vatiance — Varlogram Wodel ] = Nowmal — Variance Fame Model = Noimal — Variance meen ee Model ~~ Nommal —Vanance — Variogram Mocel bal ceo ‘Shuctures > hoecaee et ‘Stuctures | Vatiogram Structures: > Fame ‘Stuctules | hal meen ee ‘Structures ‘Stuctures Bam 6) @ jose) 0-85) s 0 >675 (60) 0 > 112.5 (60) 0 > 123.75 (60) 20 } Nn =" / s i oo | 0 distance | distance | distance distance > Nommal — Variance ~ ——e || Model > Nommal — Vatiance ~ Variogram Model ~ Noimal — Variance — a | Model > Nommal — Variance a | Model > Nommal — Vatiance — | Model ~» Nomal — Variance — Variogram Mocel * ——e || ‘Structures / Vatiogram Structures i. a | ‘Structures \* a | Stuctures le | Structures - Vatiogram Stuctures @ [o> B [o>is7s6) I B [o->wa7s6o)) je 0 -> 135 (60) 0 > 146.25 (60) o> 157.5 (60) 0 -> 168.75 (60) — 0-> 67,5 (60}Variogram Model of. - = ~d)] rx |— 0 -> 78,75 (60)-Variogram Model 2 = a's “| |-—0-> 90 (60)-Variogram Model : cn = z — 0-> 101,25 (60)}-Variogram Model é \ > é . er || |-0-> 1125 (60:-Variogram Mode! Pos ge = Pos /— 0 -> 123.75 (60)-Variogram Model 4 E ae ~~ 0-> 135 (60)-Variogram Model 5 0 1 2 2 20) o 5 0 6 20 2% o 6 0 6% 2 2 3) 0 5 10 18 20 25 20/|.9-» 446.25 ,(€0)-Variogram Model distance distance distance | distance 0-» 157.5 (60)-Variogram Model —+ Normal — Variance — Variogram Mocel + Normal — Variance — Variogram Model [+ Normal —Vvariance — Variogram Model + Notmal — Variance — Variogram Model 0-> 168.75 (60)-Variogram Model © Variogram Structures: + Variogram Structures | _ Variogram Structures || © Variogram Structures Lf Variogram Stuctures

| A |

—— 0>0(60) : ro. rf *\ { 4 *

B00 Eun Sos) o2s}~ ~ aR ||-+ Nommat — bal

| |

wD

o 6 0 distance

ae % ii

distance

os bw 6 mo distance

Normal —Vatiance — Varlogram Vatiogram Structures: 6)

Wodel ] = Nowmal — Fame > Fame ‘Stuctules

Variance ceo Model ceo ‘Shuctures 0 >675 (60)

—Vanance — Variogram Mocel ‘Stuctures 0-85) 0 > 123.75 (60)

ee Model ~~ Nommal ee (60)

= Noimal — Variance meen | hal meen ‘Structures jose) 0 > 112.5

> Nomal — Vanance hoecaee > hoecaee ‘Stuctures

et Model [= et |

Variance Model ‘Stuctules @

Bam 20 =" s i oo

} Nn /

| Model ~» Nomal |

distance — Variance — Variogram Mocel

distance > Nommal — Vatiance —

| Model |

| | | Model > Nommal — Variance |

distance | Variogram Model ~

Variance ~ Model

> Nommal — Vatiance ~

distance Noimal — Variance —

0 > Nommal — * of.

/ Vatiogram Structures @ [o> -

‘Structures B [o>is7s6) =

- Vatiogram je — 0-> 67,5 |— 0 -> 78,75

i. 0 > 146.25 (60)

Stuctures (60}Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model

‘Structures 0 -> 135 (60)

\* I o> 157.5 (60)

B [o->wa7s6o)) ~d)]

le Structures 0 -> 168.75 (60) rx

2 : cn é \ Pos E

(60)-Variogram Model (60)}-Variogram Model (60:-Variogram Mode! (60)-Variogram Model Model

a's z er Pos

“| |-—0-> 90 — 0-> 101,25 || |-0-> 1125 /— 0 -> 123.75 ~~ 0-> 135

> ge

= = é =

.

—+ Normal — © Variogram

5 0 6 20 distance Variance — Variogram Model Structures

4 2 20) o + Normal — + Variogram

25 20/|.9-» 446.25 0-» 157.5 0-> 168.75 Lf Variogram

2% o [+ Normal | _ Variogram

5 10 18 20 distance Variance — Variogram Model Structures

5 0 1 2 distance Variance — Variogram Mocel Structures:

,(€0)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model Stuctures

6 0 6% 2 distance —Vvariance — Variogram Model Structures
ae 2 3) 0 | + Notmal — || © Variogram

ms 2 s

Mina G Grandé Nortee

EZ GeMs 6.74 File Display at

=

mr

a ~s -—

Projects/MINAGRANDE_JAN 2019 (ZNCUT) Variogrammap Help Sete SAAq -ew sad) eee

a

- D/GEMS,674 Projects/MINAGRANDE_JAN View Variogram a . Bases

EZ GeMs 6.74 - D/GEMS,674 Projects/MINAGRANDE_JAN 2019 (ZNCUT) File Display View Variogram Variogrammap Help at a . Sete a Bases SAAq -ew sad) ~s -— mr SS eee i = a 0 > 11.25 (60) 0 > 56.25 (60) 2 e'4] ial aI 2" 15 x | j Bal 3 i] | All 2 | A\\| 3 os / Pos Mv Fos /\/ o || Pos os . p . i ‘ oo | ok 2 oo oo | oo oo 0 5 0 5 0 2 mw 5 0s 7H Oe 0 5 0 5 0 2 0 w i ee ee e distance | Format —Vaiiance — Vanogram model = Nomial — Vatiance —Vatiogtam Model + Noimal —Varlance —Vatiogtam Model ||-+Noimal —Vanance Vatiogram Model || Nomal — Vatiance —- Vattogiam Model > Noimal — Vatiani L_Vatiogram Stuctutes __ Vatiogram Structures L__Vatlogram Structures Variogtam Structures. ‘Vatiogram Structutes [o> 67.5 (60) z [0-78.75 (60) | _s = 0-> 1012560) fo>izs@) B [0-5 13.75 60) | ~ a 0 > 67.5 (60) 0 > 78.75 (60) 0 > 90 (60) 0 > 101.25 (60) 0 > 112.5 (60) | 0 > 123.75 (60) ais a's = al 2's z * N|| & Fil| 2 z E 10 Sil E 10 ba E 10} a } é 10+ px 4 3 iy ¥ / Sos Sos Vv Bas r. - Su Vv oo 2 9 = oo = oo 2 o 5 0 OO Mw 5 0 6 0 Ow os 0s oe Ow oO 5 0 6 0 wo 0 5 2 2 ww | distance distance distance | distance > Normal — Vatiance ~ Varlogram Model > Noimal — Variance — Vaniogram Model ~ Nownal — Variance — Vatiogram Model > Normal — Vatiance ~~ Vatiogram Model | > Nommal — Vatiance — Vatiogram Model Variance — Vatiogram M¢ © Vatiogtam Structures Vattogram Stuctures Vatlogram Structures Le Vatlogram Structures | - Varlogram Structures. /aniogram Structut 0) | (0) ‘ @ [0-> 168.75 60), @ | Abonen 0 -> 135 (60) 0 -> 146.25 (60) 0 -> 157.5 (60) 0 -> 168.75 (60) |—0-> 67.5 (60-Variogram Model e — '|—0-> 78.75 (60)-Variogram Model 18 a's a a5 | | —0-> 90 (60)-Variogram Model é € A\|| € € . 2 dp 2 a e td 2 tg * |] 0-> 101.25 (60)-Variogram Model 5 § 5 € | |—0-> 112.5 (60)-Variogram Model Sos) fi os Pos os | | 0 123.75 (60)-Variogram Model on * aoe * oe * as J _ | - 0» 135 (60)-Variogram Model o 6 0 1S 0 0 5 0 5 2 2% Mm o 5 1 15 2 2% 2% 35 o 6 10 15 2 2 3 3 © 0 -> 146.25 (60)-Variogram Model distance distance | distance distance 0-> 187.5 (60)-Variogram Model ++ Normal — Variance — Variogram Model “> Normal — Variance — Variogram Mods! Normal —Variance — Variogram Model “+ Normal — Variance — Variogram Model 0-> 168.75 (60)-Variogram Model © Variogram Structures + Varlogram Structures __ Variogram Structures _ Variogram Structures [Li Variogram Stuctures

15

aI j A\\|

ial All 2 |

0 > 56.25 (60)

e'4] | |

i (60) e'4] x i]

0 > 11.25 2 Bal 3

2" 3

oo 0 5 Format L_Vatiogram

os / | ok 5 0s

Mv p . oo 0 5 0 5 0 2

Fos /\/ i oo 0 w i

o ‘ ee ee distance

0 5 0 2 mw

Pos . 2 7H Oe e

|| Pos | oo |

os oo

Model ||-+Noimal —Vanance L__Vatlogram 0-> 1012560) 0

— Vatiani Structutes 13.75 60) | ~ 0 > 123.75 (60)

Noimal —Varlance —Vatiogtam = 0 > 90 (60)

|| Nomal — Vatiance —- Variogtam Structures. fo>izs@) 0 > 112.5

Vattogiam Model > Noimal ‘Vatiogram B [0-5 (60) |

—Vatiogtam Model + _s (60)

= Nomial — Vatiance __ Vatiogram Structures [0-78.75 (60) | 0 > 78.75

—Vaiiance — Vanogram model Stuctutes z 0 > 67.5 (60)

Vatiogram Model Structures > 101.25 (60)

[o> 67.5 (60)

= al 2 E 10} a iy ¥ Bas r. -

Fil| ba Vv

a's N|| & Sil E 10 Sos

ais z E 10 Sos

px / Vv

* 3

2's z } é 10+ Su

oo oO 5 0 6 distance | > Nommal — Vatiance —

2 0 5 2 2 distance Variance — Vatiogram M¢

= 0s oe Ow distance Vatiance ~~ Vatiogram Model

9 Ow os Model > Normal —

Vaniogram Model ~

oo | > Noimal — Variance —

0 OO Mw Vatiance ~ Varlogram Model

= oo 0 wo | Vatiogram Model

2 5 0 6 0 distance Nownal — Variance — Vatiogram

o 5 > Normal — © Vatiogtam 18 é

@ | Abonen |—0-> 67.5 '|—0-> 78.75
/aniogram Structut (60-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model

| - Varlogram Structures. 0 -> 168.75 (60) —

Structures 0 -> 135 (60)

Structures @ [0-> 168.75 60),

Vattogram Stuctures

Le Vatlogram ‘ 0 -> 157.5 (60) e

0) | 0 -> 146.25 (60)

Vatlogram Structures (0)

J

*

a's € 2 a § os

(60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model

a5 € 2 tg € os

*

a A\|| € e td 5 Pos

*

| | —0-> 90 . * |] 0-> 101.25 | |—0-> 112.5 | | 0 123.75 _ | - 0» 135

2 dp 5 Sos) fi on o ++ Normal — © Variogram

oe Mm o | Normal __ Variogram

5 0 5 2 2% distance Variance — Variogram Mods! Structures

3 © 0 -> 146.25 0-> 187.5 0-> 168.75 [Li Variogram

10 15 2 2 3 distance Variance — Variogram Model Structures

aoe 0 “> Normal — + Varlogram

as 35 o 6 “+ Normal — _ Variogram

(60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model Stuctures

6 0 1S 0 distance Variance — Variogram Model Structures

5 1 15 2 2% 2% distance —Variance — Variogram Model Structures

a

4 | ww

Mina C

Chica

Mina Chica

i cemsezs- File Display PSA joie

DUGEMS 674 t Projects/Bongara2018 View Variogram Variogrammap Acs"

(ZNCUT) Help - (Eee) O->1125(45))

2 ——

tse

B OS3G))

_@

45@5|

ao |

@5)|
San| Bow 02s 0.90 0 5 ~~ Notmal — L_Vatiogram

[0-5 67.5 (45) a ei? a E o75| Som ae: 000

0 5 mal — Vatlogram

0 “Normal — © Varlogram

a

Bongarrita

el = _|———

By GEMS 6.7.4 File Display PA [o>06) =

Bx

(ZNCUT) Help - eer ess B [0->1225@)|

@ o>:

- D./GEMS_674_Projects/Bongars2018 View Variogram Varogrammap SBA

By GEMS 6.7.4 - D./GEMS_674_Projects/Bongars2018 (ZNCUT) File Display View Variogram Varogrammap Help PA SBA - eer ess el = _|——— Bx [o>06) B [0->1225@)| =; {o525@)| @ o>: 0>11.25 (60) | 0 > 225 (60) = 135 [ \ I| 8° : g ee E E 075 3 S020 {~ \ I 025 |) CE Ws ee as a ea Le *| 0 5 8) He SRO) ep ad ae 6 © © Mw 8 o 6 2 2 distance distance distance distance distance i| distance > Noimal — Variance ne teae | Modal = Noimal —Vatiance pee | Model > Normal — Variance oar sagas Model \- Noimal — Vaiance Coa | Model = Noimal —Vatiance Seeceee tere | Model > Nomal — Variance ae | Model . ne teae | ‘Stuctures: . pee | ‘Stuctutes: | oar sagas ‘Vatiogtam Stuctures |. Coa | Structures: i. Seeceee tere | ‘Structures | | ae Structures (067.5 (60) @ [078.75 (60)|_ BD [5-90(60)) [o> 11256) OB [o>nzs6) _ (0-25.75 (6) 0 > 67.5 (60) 0 > 78.75 (60) If 0 > 90 (60) 0 > 101.25 (60) 0 > 1125 (60) “1 0 > 123.75 (60) j | _ i | ‘a ( 20 lyase h z /\ z | 2" z * é x e's | — | — 11] 5 3 = * a? 3" | : oo os + 2 6 mB wo 5 0 6 oS mM 5 ma 2s ( > we m m0) distance | distance distance distance > Nommal — Vatiance ~~ Vatiogram Model > Noimal —Vatiance — Variogram Model = Normal — Variance ee || Model a | -~ Nommal — Vatiance — Vatlogram Model /~ Noimal —Vatiance — Vatiogram Model [= noumat —vaiance — Vatlogram Model _ Vatiogram Structures: Vattogiam Structures: | ee || Vatiogiam Structures: ie ae | Structures | Vatlogram Structures: '| | Vatiogram Structures [oS 13560) B [0-5 168.75 (60)| | Aberientators) | —0-> 67.5 (60)-Variogram Model 7 | |—0-> 78.75 (#0)-Variogram Model | | — 0 -> 90 (60}-Variogram Model \ }— 0 -> 101.25 (60)-Variogram Model — 0-> 112.5 (60)-Variogram Model — 0 -> 123.75 (60)-Variogram Model | —0-> 135 (60)-Variogram Model 5 10 6 20 22 * WZ 5 10 6 20 o 5 10 6 20 23 ° 5 10 15 200 25-30 |— 0 -> 146.25 (60)-Variogram Model distance distance distance distance 0 -> 157.5 (60)-Variogram Model > Normal — Variance oa. | Model + Normal — Variance ca sii Model > Normal — Variance im, | Model “> Normal —Variance — Variogram Model 0 -> 168.75 (60)-Variogram Model * oa. | Structures a ca sii Structures . im, | Structures: _ Variogram Structures | 0 -> 135 (60) 0 146.25 (60) 0 -> 157.5 (60) 0 -> 168.75 (60) | || © Variogram Structures

=; (60) | [ \ I| 8°

0 > 225 (60)

0>11.25 135 g

: E 3 CE > Noimal — ne . ne

\ I Le *| distance

© Mw 8 distance i|

8) He

0 5 distance

SRO) ep ad ae distance

6 ©

o 6 2 distance

Ws ee as distance

E 075 S020 {~ 025 |) a ea

— Variance ae ae Structures (6) 0 > 123.75 (60)

tere | Model > Nomal tere | | | _ (0-25.75 (60) “1

Variance teae | Modal teae ‘Stuctures: 0 > 67.5 (60)

Model \- Noimal — Coa |. Coa [o> 11256) 0

= Noimal —Vatiance Seeceee i. Seeceee ‘Structures [o>nzs6) 0 > 1125

= Noimal —Vatiance pee | . pee ‘Stuctutes: @ [078.75 (60)|_ 0 > 78.75

Normal — Variance sagas sagas ‘Vatiogtam Stuctures [5-90(60)) 0 > 90 (60)

Vaiance | Model | Structures: OB > 101.25 (60)

| Model > oar | | oar BD (60) If

(067.5 (60) ‘a z z 5

j ( /\ *

| | |

_ i lyase h 2" e's 3"

z é — 3

11]

=

20 | x — *

| |

distance —vaiance — Vatlogram

m m0) Vatiogram Model [= noumat

os > we distance /~ Noimal —Vatiance —

wo > Noimal —Vatiance —

5 0 6 distance Normal — Variance ee ee

: oo ma 2s ( Vatiance — Vatlogram Model

oS mM 5 || Model a -~ Nommal — ||

2 6 mB distance Vatiance ~~ Vatiogram Model

| Variogram Model =

+ > Nommal — _ Vatiogram [oS 13560)

'| | | Aberientators) | —0-> 67.5 | |—0-> 78.75 |

Vatiogram Structures (60)-Variogram Model (#0)-Variogram Model

| 0 146.25 (60)

Vattogiam Structures:

ie 0 -> 157.5 (60)

Structures B [0-5 168.75 (60)|

| Vatlogram Structures: 0 -> 168.75 (60)
Structures: 7 0 -> 135 (60)

Vatiogiam Structures:

(60}-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model

| — 0 -> 90 \ }— 0 -> 101.25 — 0-> 112.5 — 0 -> 123.75 | —0-> 135

WZ

> Normal — *

22 * | + Normal — | a

(60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model (60)-Variogram Model Structures

25-30 |— 0 -> 146.25 0 -> 157.5 0 -> 168.75 | || © Variogram

5 10 15 200 distance —Variance — Variogram Model Structures

23 ° | “> Normal | _ Variogram

5 10 6 20 distance Variance ca Model ca Structures

5 10 6 20 distance Variance oa. Model oa. Structures

5 10 6 20 distance Variance Model Structures:

o sii > Normal — im, sii . im,

2 | Model | " |

Model

APPENDIX 4: GRADE TONNAGE PLOTS FOR ALL ZONES

184 -

€} Watts, Griffis and McOuat

Grade - Tonnage Curve for Indicated Resources Mina Grande Sul

s e n n o T   250,000   200,000   150,000   100,000   50,000   -  0  5  10  15  20  25  Cutoff Value Zn%  30  35.0  30.0  25.0  20.0  15.0  10.0  5.0  0.0  Zn%  TONNES  ZN% CUT

Grade - Tonnage Curve for Inferred Resources Mina Grande Sul

s e n n o T   700,000   600,000   500,000   400,000   300,000   200,000   100,000   -  0  5  10  15  20  25  Cutoff Value Zn%  30  40.0  35.0  30.0  25.0  20.0  15.0  10.0  5.0  0.0  Zn%  TONNES  ZN% UNCUT

Grade - Tonnage Curve for Indicated Resources Mina Grande Central

s e n n o T   400,000   350,000   300,000   250,000   200,000   150,000   100,000   50,000   -  0  5  10  15  20  25  Cutoff Value Zn%  30  35.0  30.0  25.0  20.0  15.0  10.0  5.0  0.0  Zn%  TONNES  ZN% CUT

Grade - Tonnage Curve for Inferred Resources Mina Grande Central

s e n n o T   500,000  450,000  400,000  350,000  300,000  250,000  200,000  150,000  100,000  50,000   -  0  5  10  15  20  25  Cutoff Value Zn%  30  40.0  35.0  30.0  25.0  20.0  15.0  10.0  5.0  0.0  Zn%  TONNES  ZN% UNCUT

s e n n o T

Grade - Tonnage Curve for Indicated Resources Mina Grande Norte

 180,000   160,000   140,000   120,000   100,000   80,000   60,000   40,000   20,000   -  0  5  10  15  20  25  Cutoff Value Zn%  30  35.0  30.0  25.0  20.0  15.0  10.0  5.0  0.0  Zn%  TONNES  ZN% CUT

Grade - Tonnage Curve for Inferred Resources Mina Grande Norte

 800,000   700,000   600,000   500,000   400,000   300,000   200,000   100,000   -  0  5  10  15  20  25  Cutoff Value Zn%  30  40.0  35.0  30.0  25.0  20.0  15.0  10.0  5.0  0.0  Zn%  TONNES  ZN% UNCUT
s e n n o T

Grade - Tonnage Curve for Indicated Resources Mina Chica

s e n n o T   700,000   600,000   500,000   400,000   300,000   200,000   100,000   -  0  5  10  15  20  25  Cutoff Value Zn%  30  35.0  30.0  25.0  20.0  15.0  10.0  5.0  0.0  Zn%  TONNES  ZN% CUT

Grade - Tonnage Curve for Inferred Resources Mina Chica

s e n n o T   450,000   400,000   350,000   300,000   250,000   200,000   150,000   100,000   50,000   -  0  5  10  15  20  25  Cutoff Value Zn%  30  40.0  35.0  30.0  25.0  20.0  15.0  10.0  5.0  0.0  Zn%  TONNES  ZN% UNCUT

s e n n o T

Grade - Tonnage Curve for Indicated Resources Bongarita

 40,000   35,000   30,000   25,000   20,000   15,000   10,000   5,000   -  0  5  10  15  20  25  Cutoff Value Zn%  30  25.0  20.0  15.0  10.0  5.0  0.0  Zn%  TONNES  ZN% CUT

Grade - Tonnage Curve for Inferred Resources Bongarita

s e n n o T

 4,500   4,000   3,500   3,000   2,500   2,000   1,500   1,000   500   -  0  5  10  15  20  25  Cutoff Value Zn%  30  14.0  12.0  10.0  8.0  6.0  4.0  2.0  0.0  Zn%  TONNES  ZN% UNCUT
